
bad! Too have. they opportunity great one the blowing are they day by day but time the is This action. no and talk all are They DACA. on deal a see to want really Democrats the believe don’t I
disaster. for headed was It TANKED! have would Market November in won Dems If employees. to money Cut Tax out paying companies more many and Mexico from (Michigan) U.S. to back coming Chrysler Market. Stock the and jobs for day big another was Yesterday
FIRST! AMERICA
bad! Too missed. opportunity Great DACA. fix to nothing doing are They action. no and talk all are Democrats The
again! hot is business American announcing. companies more many with economy our into pouring is employees to money cut Tax follow. will others many and Mexico from USA the to back coming is Chrysler America. to back coming are Jobs market. stock the for day big a was Yesterday
https://t.co/samlJsz1Nt legacy. and life King's Dr. of honor in activities service and community civic appropriate with day this observe to Americans all encourage I Holiday. Federal Jr. King Luther Martin as 2018 15 January proclaim to honor great my was it Today
trust! no unfortunately - meetings future record should Probably Haitians. with relationship wonderful a have I Dems. by up Made out.” them “take said Never country. troubled and poor very a obviously is Haiti than other Haitians about derogatory anything said Never
FIRST! Country our and Military our of care Take DACA. for deal fair a not deal sweetheart a give to order in workers government and troops our paying stop to want Democrats Sadly
DACA! for setback big a - made proposal outlandish the was tough really was What used. language the not was this but tough was meeting DACA the at me by used language The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE smart Get most. it need we time a at military our down shutting is doing really are they what but “shutdown” threaten will Dems The backwards. step big a taken now has DACA safety and life in interested being not Democrats the of ....Because
defund.... Dem a do not military our fund to want I drugs. of inflow massive the stop to want I people. our for security and safety want I level. next the to country our take help will who people and immigration of system based merit a want I badly. doing are which ....countries
crime..... high from people of numbers large take to forced be would USA and worse made were Lottery &amp; Chain funded properly not was Wall backwards. step big a was Congressmen and Senators Republican of group a and myself to yesterday presented deal DACA bipartisan so-called The
ribbon-NO! cut to me Wanted deal. Bad dollars. billion 1.2 for location off an in one new a build to only “peanuts” for London in embassy finest and located best the perhaps sold having Administration Obama the of fan big a not am I that is London to trip my canceled I Reason
USA! Chain. &amp; Lottery end and Merit think Wall Great a build must We Americans. all of safety and lives the protect to duty my is It process. the in lives of thousands risking Border Southern the from country our into pour drugs and people having on intent seem Democrats The
first! a - cold a had she fact the on decision poor her blamed She illegal. possibly and members committee to disrespectful Very authorization. without public the to testimony committee secret released have never should Feinstein Dianne Democrat
follow! to more of Plenty Trump/Pence. for voted they happy very are Michigan in voters The decision. wise very a Chrysler you Thank trend. opposite long years a reversing Michigan to Mexico from plant massive a moving is Chrysler
https://t.co/47azKD0l9B employees! U.S. to bonus $2000 paying and jobs new 2500 adding Michigan to Mexico from production heavy-truck their relocating plant Michigan in BILLION $1 than more invest to plan announces Chrysler Fiat Reform: and Cuts Tax historical of result a as news great More
special! really something of beginning the at just is business All history. polls the in numbers approval highest has Poll Business Small
seen.” ever has Country our President greatest the is Trump “Donald @foxandfriends on interview in Federalist The Levine Adam you Thank
https://t.co/ELZvFol5Lo States! United the in overdose and addiction drug of scourge deadly the combat to can we everything doing to committed are we Together country. our into drugs of flow the end help to Congress of members bipartisan with 2142) (H.R. #INTERDICTAct the signed I Yesterday
https://t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl ACT! JOBS &amp; CUTS TAX our of result a as news Great
smart! Get it! need We land. foreign on guys bad foreign of surveillance foreign about is vote today’s and office taking since process unmasking the to fix the directed personally have I said being that With
@foxandfriends year.” this immigration illegal in low year “45
others? and administration previous the by Campaign Trump the abuse and surveil badly so to Dossier phony and discredited the of help the with used been have may that act the is This today.” ACT FISA controversial on votes “House
poll. this by recorded ever number highest the is That Good.” or “Excellent is economy the feel people of 66% Poll Quinnipiac new In
mess! a What Emails? Hillary Crooked are Where servers? DNC smashed and hidden are Where Russians? pay also Clinton or Dems Did @foxandfriends Election?” the influence to tool Intel use FBI Did Campaign. Trump on spy to used “Dossier Democrats by for paid and Disproven
Alabama! Congratulations way. big very a in U.S. the to back coming are Companies people. 4000 employ and year a SUV’s and cars 300000 over produce will which plant Alabama Huntsville new giant announce Mazda and Toyota news: Good
https://t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA economy! our grow further to helping Alabama in BILLION $1.6 investing and JOBS 4000 bringing are they announce Mazda and Toyota as news Great invest! to place the America makes regulations simplifying and taxes Cutting
https://t.co/4CFzQXb5aS #1! is country our of security and safety The approval. DACA any of part be must which Border Southern the on Wall the of security the needs States United The
https://t.co/PJvwznjRCO https://t.co/qWR1BhfQZI conference: press Joint States! United the of ally and friend great a - @WhiteHouse the to Norway of Solberg Erna Minister Prime welcome to honor great my was it Today
https://t.co/yv6RALkQf3 https://t.co/ptXa1hAPwW AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING and results delivering are we Together ahead. year the to forward look we and achievement monumental of year a was 2017 country. our of behalf on tirelessly working for @Cabinet my thank to want I
control! take finally should Republicans witnessing. are they stupidity the at laughing is world the &amp; Russia goes. it on and on yet &amp; collusion no was there knows Dems the including everybody collusion no was There continues. history American in Hunt Witch greatest single The
Primary! tough have Must disgrace. a is authorization without totally way illegal possibly and underhanded an such in testimony release would found been not has Trump/Russia between collusion that stated occasions numerous on has who Feinstein Dianne Sneaky that fact The
courts. higher by reversed being before wins always almost and Circuit 9th the to runs always DACA) as (such case a in side opposing the when is System Court our unfair and broken how everyone shows just It
https://t.co/HXCpTlruVo @realDonaldTrump grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident so is Everyone SAFE. American’s fellow keep to 24/7/365 doing are you what for YOU THANK Nation entire an of behalf on officers ERO and agents HSI .@ICEgov
https://t.co/QaxtqpyXTR #MAGA???? are we TOGETHER more. w/you agree Couldn’t McCarthy! Kevin @GOPLeader you Thank
approval. DACA any of part be must which Border Southern the on Wall the of security the needs country our today clear very made I As
https://t.co/LP2a8KCBAp https://t.co/0MdP9DDIAS deserve! richly so they support and care the given are HEROES our that ensure must We life. civilian to back transition they as need they resources the have Veterans ensure to Order Executive new a sign to honor great my was it Today
https://t.co/8DYHZHspAy https://t.co/SdqAQ3aL3z DACA. and lottery migration chain security border with deals that bill a negotiate to agreement strong was There reform. immigration on meeting productive very today’s for lawmakers Democratic and Republican the of all to Thanks
https://t.co/QTgaqTawPT https://t.co/Qe0b6HBFTY Park. Historical National Jr. King Luther Martin the as Georgia of State the in Site Historic National Junior King Luther Martin the redesignates which Act” Park Historical National Jr. King Luther “Martin the 267 H.R. sign to honor great my was It
https://t.co/Qb4uxB4JRm #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay blue! in women and men the support must we ever than more Now down. you let ever never will I and you for fight will I - States United the of President As officers. enforcement law incredible our to YOU THANK people American the of behalf On
https://t.co/16eOLXg6Fi also! respected ANTHEM NATIONAL our want we and - respected flag our want We FLAG. AMERICAN GREAT our for and country our for farmers our for fighting are We
https://t.co/MdYS7xnukQ ANYMORE! forgotten not are they But FORGOTTEN. COMPLETELY Americans hardworking of millions &amp; stagnant economy our hurting communities our left politics corrupt &amp; regs crippling taxes crushing of Years LEGACY. FARMING PROUD America’s honoring are we make we decision every In
https://t.co/QDH7fvFkZ7 #AFBF18 US. FOR deliver to day every work they as just Farmers America’s for DELIVER to day every working been have We
https://t.co/Wm7Io0hYT8 https://t.co/QaljAqekdD. 4:00pmE: at LIVE me join - now way my #AFBF18On Nashville! in Convention Annual Federation’s @FarmBureau American 99th the address to Tennessee of state amazing the in back be to wait Can’t
@foxandfriends #NeverForget vote! your get but you for nothing did Dems history. recorded in lowest the to close is and year last the in point full a dropped rate unemployment Hispanic The country. our in recorded ever lowest the is unemployment American African
https://t.co/4fHNcx2Ydg Goodwin! Michael you Thank necessary.” &amp; far-reaching are bringing is Trump changes the and — election change a truly was This choice. right the made America that doubts any away washes policies failed Obama’s Barack on down doubling WH the in ...Clinton
of... thought mere the accumulate accomplishments Trump’s as Indeed one. Not president. were Clinton Hillary wished I when day a been never has there missteps his over frustration own my despite that so much So presidency. consequential enormously an be to out turning is “His
mgoodwin@nypost.com column) entire read (Please Goodwin! Michael you Thank necessary.” and far-reaching are bringing is Trump changes the and election change a truly was This choice. right the made America that doubts any away washes policies ....failed
Obama’s..... on down doubling W.H. the in Clinton of thought mere the accumulate accomplishments Trump’s as Indeed one. Not President. were Clinton Hillary wished I that day a been never has that...there so much So presidency. consensual enormously an be to out turning is “His
win! election big our since created value of dollars TRILLION Seven Jobs. Jobs Jobs future and present but Prices Stock Setting Record only not of form the in country our for benefits tremendous creating been has Market Stock The
anticipated! have could anyone than greater far is awards these of importance and in interest The Monday. coming this than rather 17th January Wednesday on losers the to presented be will Media Mainstream the of biased &amp; corrupt most the to going those Awards News Fake The
flunky! CNN this of unfairness and hatred the Watch Administration. Trump the of Miller Stephen with interview his in destroyed got just CNN News Fake of Tapper Jake
I! will So well. it handled and problem same the had Reagan Ronald author. discredited totally a by written Book Fake a with up put to have I Now President. for running be would I that announced I day first the from News Fake the with up put to had I’ve
DACA. and Trade Budget Military Infrastructure Problem Opioid and Drug increasing ever the Wall needed desperately the &amp; Security Border including subjects important very many on Military and Cabinet the with meetings Great House. White the for David Camp Leaving
that! at genius stable very a genius....and but smart not as qualify would that think I try). first my (on States United the of President ....to
Star..... T.V. top to businessman successful VERY from went I flames. in down went knows everyone as and hard very cards these played also Clinton Hillary Crooked smart. really like being and stability mental been have assets greatest two my life my throughout ....Actually
intelligence..... and stability mental screaming and playbook Reagan Ronald old the out taking are Media Mainstream News Fake the lapdogs their and Democrats the public American the on hoax total a be to proven has study intense of year one after collusion Russian that Now
fired! been have Should Trump. on report to allowed longer no is He capacity. lower a in NEWS ABC at back now is but month a for suspended was dollars) of (billions points 350 down Market Stock the drove that me about newscast live fraudulent a made who reporter the Ross Brian
good.” very very were numbers jobs year first “Trumps states headline places) all (of Post Washington the in And News! this about happy so am I years. 45 in rate lowest the 6.8% to fell rate unemployment American African The
https://t.co/mEeUhk5ZV9 bad! Too everyone. almost by dog a like dumped been has Steve Sloppy Now job. his for begged and fired got he when cried who Bannon Steve Sloppy used He book. untruthful and boring really this sell to order in stories up made who loser total a is Wolff Michael
https://t.co/55sqUDiC0s Rand! idea Good
Smart! Bannon. Steve Sloppy as known leaker the dumped recently Family Mercer The
Sad! election. an winning try should They imaginable. front new every at out hitting are book new phony this and (Mainstream) Media News Fake the FBI/Russia the and Clinton Hillary with is collusion only the and hoax total a be to proving is Russia with collusion that now Well
created! value in dollars trillion Six Jobs. Jobs Jobs agenda! Again Great America Make the about all is This history. in move point 1000 fastest Record weeks 5 last in points 1000 Jumped Record. all-time new a for today 25075 to 2016 9 November on 18589 from goes Dow
25000. over now Dow earth! on story biggest be would - numbers these had and president was “O” if imagine you Can know! people the booming...but is U.S. the in business that and Record New another hit just Market Stock the that fact the mentions barely Media News Fake The
Steve! Sloppy and him to happens what watch and past guy’s this at Look exist. don’t that sources and misrepresentations lies of Full book. for him to spoke never I book! phony of author for times) many down him turned (actually House White to access Zero authorized I
https://t.co/iONbr1DkVk AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING
change! for time - country our of people great the to unfair &amp; unsafe is system current The lottery. visa the cancel &amp; migration chain end immigration illegal stop WALL THE BUILD must We reform. immigration on mtg our to up showed who Senators Republican great the to you Thank
continuing. regulations unnecessary in cuts Big Congrats! 25000. through crashes just Dow
https://t.co/tJLM1tvbvb kneel! still who players NFL the to picture this beautiful....Show So
thing! good a are talks but Fools North. the against “might” total our commit to willing and strong firm wasn’t I if now right Korea South and North between on going be would dialogue and talks that believe really anybody does in weighing “experts” failed the of all With
Identification! Voter for hard Push country. your run that people the for VOTING thing important most the to comes it when do.....except you everything almost for form accurate and strong very a in sometimes identification need you Americans As
I.D. Voter to go must rigged is System illegally. voting are people many that know they because methods or records their see not Commission the that hard fought They Fraud. Voter On Commission the to Election 2016 the from data over hand to refused States Democrat mostly Many
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
better! getting Only 4.1%. to down went unemployment Also administration. my into soon this possible be would thought few that number a 25000 of short just Dow potential. upward tremendous have we passed has Bill Cut Tax the that now but day good another had Market Stock
https://t.co/bmWrwWzxMR known.” previously than number higher much a charity on spending and matches 401k in increases $2000 to up bonuses out handing by year last Congress in victory reform and cut tax Trump’s President to responded have companies U.S. 40 “Some
Saints...https://t.co/ETD3fWtfU3 Latter-day of Christ Jesus of Church the of President beloved a Monson S. Thomas of death the by saddened deeply are I and Melania
time! appropriate the at States United the from support great see will You government. corrupt their back take to try they as Iran of people the for respect Such
Rollins Ed &amp; Asman ShowDavid @LouDobbs year.” first significant very a had has he record his at look there are accomplishments The deny. can nobody that accomplishments of set a is that ago year a have didn’t he now something has Trump “President
P.M. 9:00 at tonight @seanhannity Watch
tuned! Stay Media. News Fake the from categories various in Reporting Bad &amp; Dishonesty cover will Subjects o’clock. 5:00 at Monday on YEAR THE OF AWARDS MEDIA CORRUPT &amp; DISHONEST MOST THE announcing be will I
works! Button my and his than one powerful more &amp; bigger much a is it but Button Nuclear a have too I that him inform please regime starved food and depleted his from someone Will times.” all at desk his on is Button “Nuclear the that stated just Un Jong Kim Leader Korean North
them? to payments future massive these of any make we should why peace talk to willing longer no Palestinians the with But more. pay to had have would that for Israel but table the off negotiation the of part toughest the Jerusalem taken have We Israel. with treaty ...peace
overdue... long a negotiate to want even don’t They respect. or appreciation no get and year a DOLLARS OF MILLIONS OF HUNDRED Palestinians the pay we example an As others. and countries other many also but nothing for to dollars of billions pay we that Pakistan only not It's
https://t.co/0VjzLEeHTl Senate! U.S. the in missed greatly be will he and friend my is He President. as me about made has he statements kind) (beyond the forget never will I and supporter tremendous a been has He career. incredible absolutely an on Hatch Orrin Senator to Congratulations
https://t.co/OtuzIgxMn6 https://t.co/ir25vW15hx @DeptVetAffairs! @SecShulkin work great the up Keep time. of period short a in made been has progress Tremendous deserve. richly so they care the receive can VETERANS GREAT America’s of all until rest not will We
RESULTS. about are We President! their and Republicans with love” in “falling start will Dems against hard go will Hispanics and activists DACA politics. in interested just - DACA for nothing doing are Democrats
GL done! poorly job a for readers your to apology an write to have won’t you win people) the (and I time next the that so FAIRLY States United the of President the treat and “sources” non-existent and phony your of all lose standard higher much a of journalists ....impartial
Get... involved.” interests or sect party of regardless FAVOR or fear without impartially news the give “to Ochs Adolph Founder its of vision the fulfill to Times the for chance last a is Here Congratulations! Sulzberger. A.G. publisher new a has Times York New Failing The
record! on year safest and best the 2017 in deaths Zero were there that reported just was it - news Good Aviation. Commercial on strict very been have I office taking Since
see! will we - not perhaps news good is that Perhaps time. first for Korea South to talk to wants now man Rocket Korea. South to fleeing dangerously are Soldiers Korea. North on impact big a have to beginning are pressures “other” and Sanctions
great! Really Bill. Cut Tax the of because workers their to bonuses big giving are Companies
@foxandfriends WALL! needed desperately the build will and folks great your of more &amp; more in bringing be will We Border. the at doing are we well how on words kind your for Council Patrol Border National the of Judd Brandon to you Thank
others &amp; Comey on Also act? finally must Dept Justice State Deep Jail! submarine? on pictures sailors Remember agents. foreign of hands the into Passwords Classified put She protocols. security basic disregarding of accused been has Abedin Huma aid top Clinton’s Hillary Crooked
watching! is U.S. The rights. human no and inflation big food little have people The “pockets.” their into and terrorism into went them gave foolishly so Obama President that money the of All regime. Iranian corrupt and brutal the against acting finally are Iran of people The
Year! New great a be will it but done be to work Much P.M. 4:00 at today (D.C.) Washington for Florida leaving be Will
CHANGE! FOR TIME looted. being is Iran of wealth the rights human with Along freedom. for &amp; food for hungry are They years. many for repressed been have people Iranian great The Administration. Obama the by them with made deal terrible the despite level every at failing is Iran
more! No help. little with Afghanistan in hunt we terrorists the to haven safe give They fools. as leaders our of thinking deceit &amp; lies but nothing us given have they and years 15 last the over aid in dollars billion 33 than more Pakistan given foolishly has States United The
possible! thought anyone than faster much and AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKING are We YEAR! NEW HAPPY
America! for year great a be will 2018 Year. New Healthy and Happy a Media News Fake dishonest very the even and haters enemies supporters friends my of all wish to want I smarter and stronger grows rapidly Country our As
good! Not communicate. cannot demonstrators peaceful that so Internet the down closed now has basis hourly an on occurring Rights Human of violations numerous with Terror Sponsored of State One Number the Iran
https://t.co/qsMNyN1UJG Year!! New Happy AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING are we Together started. getting just we're and been it’s year a What
#LESM all! them Bless God - enforcement law and police our love We families. their and @DCSheriff County Douglas in shooting terrible the of victims the to condolences deepest My
more? &amp; Cuts Tax A 2nd Border Strong Judges VA ISIS mention to not now off better much are People Election. the since months the during created wealth great the kill totally will policies their when Election 2018 in Congress in Democrats put to want voters smart would Why
https://t.co/9TzSC8F8vY beginning! just and - future great a have they Now Day. Election on values from 50% down be would stocks your elected got Hillary) (Crooked Dems the If
violations! rights human for closely very watching is USA The longer. any it take not will they like Looks terrorism. on squandered and stolen being is wealth and money their how to as wise getting finally are people The Iran. in protests Big
https://t.co/0foQGaFjMh books” record the in 2017 put Stocks Rally: “Trump
COME! TO MORE MUCH better. get only will it and Cut dramatically being are taxes high and regulations Unnecessary U.S. the to back coming are companies and in kicking are Jobs
fiction! pure a reports &amp; stories Many ever. than often more used being are “sources” non-existent and Phony Media. News Fake as to referred often now “press” unfair and dishonest VERY a fight to way only the is it because but to like I because not Media Social use I
Report @WSJ jobs.” and economics real Now grow. would economy the how overstated WH Obama the year Every economy. the for stimulus pro-growth huge a is ago.This years 80 roughly of rate tax income corporate the to back going ever cut rate corporate biggest the is “This Taxes: On
https://t.co/kvv1uAqcZ9 watching! is world The choice. a face will people Iranian the when come will day the and forever endure cannot regimes Oppressive
https://t.co/W8rKN9B6RT most.... the fear leaders their what are people Iran’s that States United the of power military vast the than other and change want Iran of people good the that understands world entire The
#IranProtests watching! is world The themselves. express to right including rights people’s their respect should govt Iranian abroad. terrorism fund to wealth nation’s the of squandering its &amp; corruption regime’s with up fed citizens Iranian by protests peaceful of reports Many
cost! all at Country our protect must We etc. Immigration of System Lottery ridiculous &amp; Migration Chain horrible the to END an and Border Southern the at WALL needed desperately the without DACA no be can there that understand fully and told been have Democrats The
MORE! MUCH charging be Should poorer? and dumber Office Post the and richer Amazon making packages their deliver to little so others and Amazon charging while year a dollars of billions many losing is which Office Post States United the is Why
hoax! Russia &amp; coverage Trump negative massive despite this 47%...and was which 2009 28 Dec. on Obama President as same the approximately was 2017 28 Dec. on rating my that showed just @foxandfriends rating approval low so-called my about talk to loves News Fake the While
up! Bundle against. protect to DOLLARS OF TRILLIONS pay to going was countries other not but Country our that Warming Global old good that of bit little a use could we Perhaps record. on Eve Year’s New COLDEST the be could it East the In
https://t.co/wdLQkfdy4m https://t.co/OeyTdFyl1Q AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING are we Together
https://t.co/LQl7tGhMdO #NoKo time. long long a for it saying been I've
happen! to continues this if problem Korea North the to solution friendly a be never will There Korea. North into go to oil allowing is China that disappointed very - HANDED RED Caught
yet! anything seen haven’t you and - dreamt ever anyone than better going economy the got We’ve numbers. record at are sales Retail
forgiveness! for begging &amp; grief in herself beside is CH for fundraiser big a &amp; James’s St of Court to Amb be to set all was who Wintour Anna H. Crooked at took they hit minor the for apologizing in backwards over bending is legs last its on is it like looks which Fair Vanity
https://t.co/70iPHy2Yqn Trump” Under 83% Up Associates Members MS-13 of “Arrests
https://t.co/OgYEuDgzD2 @dcexaminer @jamiejmcintyre miles..” square 1900 roughly occupy fighters so or 1000 remaining the est military U.S. the 12/21 of As Syria. and Iraq both in territory of miles square 17500 approx held fighters ISIS 35000 estimated an - inaugurated was Trump day the - 1/20 “On
are! they people amazing what - responders first paramedics Firefighters us. of all for much so do who those of representatives as women and men great with Met #2. Rescue &amp; Fire Beach Palm West left Just
https://t.co/0lXKMUoPE9 @jamiejmcintyre via miles...” square 1900 roughly occupy fighters so or 1000 remaining the estimates military U.S. the 12/21 of As Syria. and Iraq both in territory of miles square 17500 approx held fighters ISIS 35000 estimated an - inaugurated was Trump day the - 1/20 “On
SUCCESS! of year another for poised is Market Stock JOBS! and Companies for year great a be Will Bill. Cut Tax our by further helped be to only year next for good really looking is business that are signs All
Campaign! Trump the after going for basis the as garbage of pile Hillary Crooked this used they And TAINTED.” FBI COLLUSION. RUSSIA/TRUMP OF DOSSIER IN CLAIMS VERIFY time) this of all (after CANNOT FBI Dossier. funded DNC Campaign Clinton bogus. is “Dossier @foxandfrlends WOW
plan! HealthCare new great a develop and together come eventually will Republicans &amp; Democrats the ObamaCare time) (over Repeals essentially which Bill Cut Tax our of part as terminated been has Mandate Individual unpopular and unfair very the that fact the on Based
anticipated)! anyone than faster happening is (which Again Great America Make to order in work to back it’s tomorrow then Christmas great a having is everyone hope I
https://t.co/mYtV5GNdLl CHRISTMAS!!! MERRY
https://t.co/xa2qxcisVV CHRISTMAS!! MERRY
CHRISTMAS!!!!! MERRY phrase. beautiful and cherished our of assault the against charge the led have to proud am I again. Christmas Merry saying be to proud are People
strong! are Polls insider our otherwise...and you convince News Fake the let Don’t had. we year incredible an what to as together all it brought Mandate Individual unpopular highly the of Repeal the and Drilling Alaska Massive including Bill Cut/Reform Tax The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE us. beat to going is nobody - well doing are we reporting negative only Despite News. Fake report they like just Polls Fake show They is. BASE our Strong how and Big how about talk to refuses News Fake The
Clinton.” Hillary investigating were who people the were These this. do cannot obviously You campaign. her promote to Account Email Official FBI his allegedly using was he Puppet) (Clinton M from money this of all getting wife his to addition “in McCabe Andrew .@FoxNews-FBI’s
BIG! win will candidates Republican Good lost. he and “Trumper” a not was candidate Virginia lost. Roy and - Strange Luther Big supported and Alabama in lose would M Roy said I Senate In year. this races Congressional in 5-0 are Republicans the Remember
Media! News Fake the by correctly reported be never will Sadly year. first in President other any than more perhaps Administration Trump the by accomplished things many So low. year 17 a at is unemployment and record after record setting is Market Stock The
@FoxNews. to according reassigned” Baker James lawyer “FBI Wow
go?!!! to days 90 benefits. full with retire to clock the racing is McCabe Andrew Director Deputy FBI
investigation? during Puppets Clinton by campaign wife’s for $700000 given be emails) deleted illegally 33000 her (including investigation Clinton Hillary Phony the of Comey James leakin’ with along charge in man the McCabe Andrew Director Deputy FBI can How
Bill. Cut Tax signed just our under terminated being is which Mandate Individual the is ObamaCare of part hated most the Remember
https://t.co/OeAoA0sLfx https://t.co/kMxoxEB68G remarks: Full country. our of history the in reform and CUTS TAX largest the sign to honor great my was it Today
Death! not Peace wants World The Korea. North on Sanctions additional of favor in 15-0 voted just Council Security Nations United The
FIGHTER! true a is and Country our loves He Florida. of Governor GREAT a make would who Law Harvard then and Yale leader young brilliant a is DeSantis Ron Congressman
taxes! your raise to want only Dems The less). far (mostly taxes of amount same the worst at or less pay will Americans of 95%
bill. defense missile dollar billion 4 needed much a signing be also Will Office. Oval in minutes 30 in Bill Reform and Cut Tax ever biggest the signing be Will
news? mainstream by given be will credit great sure am I more much so and Market Economy/Stock Record REFORM &amp; CUTS TAX VA Military Building Appointments Judicial Cutting Regulation Record) Truman’s Harry (broke Approvals Legislative on done has Administration my all With
list. beautiful &amp; long a compiling are We reviews. year of end their in accomplishments our about talk NEVER will Media Mainstream Fake the Sadly USA. Points Turning of Kirk Charlie you Thank year.” past this during things historic absolutely some accomplished has President “The
country! our rebuilding start to time is it East Middle the in trillion $7 spent foolishly having After start. to place perfect a be would Infrastructure fashion. Bipartisan a in Democrats the with working start will we predict I country the of good the for and point some At
https://t.co/1c8hu6O5t9 true! So
Christmas! Merry rage. the is it now and of thought even nobody that phenomenon a is This bonuses. with workers their showering corporations and companies big is that - “love” of source new unexpected an on taken has Bill Reform and Cut Tax popular very and big Our
https://t.co/dTMU8OwmWB https://t.co/9HgcBKDSxo AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING are we Together yesterday. @WhiteHouse the at me joined who everyone to YOU THANK
OPEN! Government our keep and TODAY C.R. the Pass happen. this let don’t Republicans House Cuts. Tax passed just popular very the from distract to order in holidays the for SHUTDOWN a want Democrats House
AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE years! 10 in numbers BEST hit Sales Home
success! for formula your study should Shows Hate News Fake many The people! great three - it deserve You news? in show influential most the named just @foxandfriends Was
Cuts! big these hate taxes raise to want Dems workers. to payments big making already are Companies themselves. for speak will and in kicking be soon will bosses Democrat their please to as so about badly write to desperate is Media News Fake the which Cuts Tax Massive The
https://t.co/HY353gXV0R AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING ARE WE
https://t.co/lLgATrCh5o people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct American the for RELIEF TAX HISTORIC delivering are We
https://t.co/47k9i4p3J2 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING are we Together
VICTORIES! more many onto go will team Our partner. talented more or better a for asked not have could I Bill. Reform &amp; CUT TAX MASSIVE the of Senate the in passing the on politically &amp; strategically both job fantastic a done having on @SenateMajLdr congratulate to like would I
Jobs! Jobs Jobs soon. very starting themselves for speak will results the where case a truly is This demean. only and Dems defeated the friends their of lead the follow to overtime working is News Fake the yet and meaningful so and large so are Cuts Tax The
P.M. 1:00 approximately at House White The at Conference News a be will there approved If vote. final for morning tomorrow House the to Goes (ObamaCare)Repealed. Mandate Individual Terrible Bill. Reform and Cut Tax history in biggest the passed just Senate States United The
taxes! your cutting of favor in voted who Republicans House great all and Rodgers McMorris Cathy Scalise Steve Brady Kevin McCarthy Kevin Ryan Paul to Congratulations
exist! don’t sources unnamed The Court. Supreme U.S. the of Justice a as doing is he job the and him of proud very am and wavered even never I NEWS. FAKE is confirmation to prior Gorsuch Justice of nomination the “rescinding” to close was I that @washingtonpost the in story A
JOBS! beautiful many create and Enjoy passed. EVER Reform and Cuts Tax Biggest impact. big a have will expensing Immediate size. and scope in appreciated and understood totally is Bill Cut Tax the after go to way long a have economy the and Stocks
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - EVER TIME FIRST THE FOR YEAR THE ON POINTS 5000 RISES DOW
https://t.co/ds6tZlgJpA world.... the to example shining a as GREATNESS AMERICAN celebrate to and citizens our serve to communities our up build to families our strengthen to is task our Together
https://t.co/B3POaMVID8 STRATEGY: SECURITY NATIONAL OF PILLARS FOUR WIN!OUR to DETERMINED is AMERICA and game the in is AMERICA that declaring are we today announced I that strategy the With
Wow! period. year one a in Records Dow 70 had NEVER have We year! this far so Dow the for Closes Record 70
https://t.co/v1UR63CqLK B! Maria you Thank
https://t.co/BNGUJG69Ki Ivanka! true So
https://t.co/EvcAkjuf8w country! our of HISTORY the in REFORM TAX and CUT TAX BIGGEST the be will It businesses. and families American for CUTS TAX HISTORIC passing from away days are we watches world the As
https://t.co/3AOv53S0PU AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to voted you 2016 8 November On clear. and loud spoke you ago year one over Just listen. should US OF ALL speak People American the When
https://t.co/7SDsEeIhJH PEOPLE! AMERICAN the represent to honor greatest and privilege highest my was it traveled I everywhere and leaders world 100 than more with met have I countries. 13 visit to miles of thousands of tens travelled have I months 11 past the Over
https://t.co/Gyf5BdVm4G authorities... local with coordinating and situation the monitoring closely are We State. Washington in derailment train the of victims the with are prayers heartfelt most and sympathies deepest Our
House. White the at here monitoring currently are We scene. the on are who Responders First wonderful our of all to you Thank Washington. DuPont in accident train the in involved everyone with are prayers and thoughts My
long! for Not crumble! more) (and railways tunnels bridges roads our while East Middle the in spent dollars trillion Seven quickly. approved be must plan infrastructure submitted be to soon our why ever than more shows WA DuPont in occurred just that accident train The
@foxandfriends. on interviewed be will Trump Ivanka
@foxandfriends well! very 2018 in well do will Republicans win. would “I” predicted also I did. they and reasons) different very (for lose would Moore and Gillespie said I this. mention to refuses media The year. this Races Congressional in 5-0 are Republicans Remember
https://t.co/pODjl00lAy https://t.co/NeKPMgkdg8 generation: next and jet supersonic new every of design the in found be can SPIRIT AMERICAN GREAT This innovation. &amp; exploration of tire never who Americans inspire &amp; motivate to continue #WrightBrothers the flight conquering after century a than More
https://t.co/cKxlsdr1ut now. @WhiteHouse the to back Heading done. work important very of lot A place. special very A David. Camp at weekend Wonderful
https://t.co/MADTGUMktX away... days just are we Now country. our of heartbeat the and backbone the are who families American working everyday the for CUT TAX massive a pass would we promised I candidate a As
https://t.co/1sH20Hb33x ADDRESS???? WEEKLY
https://t.co/4GxM8psMU1 JOBS! more and wages higher growth higher to leading workers U.S. in and economy American the in investment increase will CUTS TAX
campaign! exciting and wonderful our about writing are knowledge real with people Finally Trump.” Be Trump “Let book out just their of success the on Bossie David and Lewandowski Corey guys hardworking and great two to Congratulations
https://t.co/K6hEEaOxKt you! of proud all are we Kevin job Great
https://t.co/hvqwnqSGuG #MAGA highs! record at close NASDAQ and 500 S&amp;P DOW
https://t.co/eLOTc7do52 you! love We service. and sacrifice your for YOU THANK Nation entire an of behalf On Commander-in-Chief. your as serve to honored am I Virginia. Quantico in Facility Air Corps Marine the at (HMX-1) One Squadron Helicopter Marine visit to honor tremendous my was it Today
https://t.co/9ejiddVL9h #LESM AMERICA! BLESS GOD and all you Bless God families. enforcement law our to you thank and sheriffs our to you thank police our to you BLUE.Thank IN WOMEN AND MEN THE – us for there always are You
https://t.co/bGT8S33ZLU CONGRATULATIONS! Quantico at Academy National the from class graduating the of member each To
https://t.co/1LvqbRQ1bi YOU! THANK honor. my was It
https://t.co/LuV4BMp0Xc Survey” Outlook @ShopFloorNAM Latest the in High All-Time Another to Rose Optimism “Manufacturing
https://t.co/teAVNzjvcx AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE and DREAMS OUR FREE SET to time is It TAPE! RED THE CUT we Room.Today Roosevelt the in seen as pages 185000 over are there Today Regulations. Federal of Code the in pages 20000 approximately were there 1960 In
https://t.co/9LVdp6zOgZ up... give ever never who &amp; big dream hard work who people of nation are We inventors. &amp; innovators pioneers explorers of nation a are We reach. our beyond goal no &amp; large too task no great too challenge no is there prosper &amp; innovate thrive to free are Americans When
https://t.co/ostXOVnckf industries. entire devastated &amp; factories American countless jobs of millions dollars of trillions country our cost has restrictions and rules regs of maze ever-growing an decades many For TAPE! RED THE CUT to reason: single one for Room Roosevelt the in gathered we Today
https://t.co/exsBzrlCdw PRIDE! AND PROSPERITY PATRIOTISM with shining future American brilliant a of dawn the – beginning new great a as remembered forever be will moment this heard voices your make you If Americans. working everyday the for cut tax massive a pass would we promised I candidate a As
high! record another hit Market Stock the meantime the In hard. working are All good. very looking are Cuts Tax Republican
success. continued you wish I service! your for Omarosa you Thank
Senate. and House the both in margins thin razor the increase to candidates Republican GREAT up put to need we that proved it anything proved election night’s last If
@foxandfriends joke! a become has Meadia Mainstream of Much out. truth the get to way only the Media Social of use my Hence stories. untrue of retractions forced numerous with negative is me of coverage Media News Fake of 90% than more Wow
him! against stacked was deck the but hard worked Roy right! was I Election. General the win to able be not will Moore Roy said I that is mightily) up went numbers his (and Strange Luther endorsed originally I reason The
ends! never It time. of period short very a in seat this at shot another have will Republicans the and great are Alabama of people The win. a is win a but factor big very a played votes write-in The victory. fought hard a on Jones Doug to Congratulations
https://t.co/D9MVVPq39x https://t.co/A5W0PDWBxp love. they those of company the in nights eight healthy and happy a world the around #Hanukkah celebrating those of all Wishing
good). (looking CUTS TAX MASSIVE pass to Working AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE low. year 17 a at is Unemployment Market. Stock High Record a with along High All-Time an at is Confidence Consumer
MOORE! ROY VOTE us. with vote always will Moore Roy Puppet. Pelosi/Schumer a is Jones WALL. the against and Veterans and Owners Gun for Bad Immigration Illegal and Military Crime on weak Pro-Abortion is Jones Doug thing. right the do will Alabama of people The
Crooked-USED! &amp; Bill to disloyal Very Trump. against fighting ring the in now is them) for anything do would (and ago long so not contributions campaign for “begging” office my to come would who someone and Schumer Chuck for flunky total a Gillibrand Kirsten Senator Lightweight
NEWS! FAKE met. never have and/or know don’t I who women of stories fabricated and accusations false the to on moving are they now so - Russia with collusion any show to unable been have Democrats the spent dollars of millions many and wasted hours of thousands Despite
Reporting. Bad television!” on man “dumbest the called once I who Lemon Don watch never I News. Fake consider I which of both MSNBC or CNN watch ever if seldom I Also Wrong! - day a television of hours 4-8 watch I that @nytimes Failing the in time this story false Another
America! on stain exposed...a are they after withdrawn be to forced then written lies Major them. to nothing means reporting correct - control of out are They Media. News Fake the by week this out put stories defamatory and false purposely the all of discussion little Very
SPECIAL! but important only not be will result End smart. and hard very working Senate and House projected. than better even up Shaping Bill. Cut Tax the on closer and closer Getting
come! to more much and news good Really USA. the into back coming are companies and low year 17 a at now is unemployment HIGH RECORD another hit Market Stock discussing! possible as time little as spends News Fake the subject a economy our for well really going are Things
https://t.co/CvtkCG1pln aliens! criminal for not – Americans for Sanctuaries be should cities Our country. our in illegally those by committed crime preventable of because ones loved their from separated be should American No
Congratulations! TROPHY! COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S the home brings and 13 to 14 wins Army Game. Navy - Army Great
Congratulations! Wow! 1996). was time (last TROPHY COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S the home brings and 13 to 14 wins Army Game. Navy - Army Great
fired. be should he NEWS FAKE T.V.). on also shown (as packed was arena the knew he fact in when Pensacola in speech my for night last arena empty almost an showing (fraud?) FAKE a was picture his that admitted just Post Washington the of .@daveweigel
https://t.co/XAblFGh1ob WaPo! NEWS FAKE from retraction &amp; apology Demand in. get to unable people many house Packed spoke. I as shown now photos Real in. way their on outside people of thousands w/ venue the @ arrived I before hours arena empty an of photo phony a out put @WashingtonPost .@DaveWeigel
https://t.co/8m1W9rFwIh #USA???? #ArmyNavyGame service! and sacrifice your for YOU THANK Nation entire an of behalf On Military. U.S. our love We watching. be will I - @USNavy and @USArmy today game great a Have
https://t.co/5AkgVpV8aa peace. &amp; justice equality freedom of future a building to ourselves dedicate &amp; past the of heroes our to tribute solemn pay We Museum. Rights Civil Mississippi the &amp; Museum History State Mississippi museums-the extraordinary two of opening the celebrate to honor great my was It
Museum! Rights Civil new the seeing to forward Look @PhilBryantMS. Governor respected and popular their of invitation the at Mississippi of state great the to Heading
NEWS! IN NAME TRUSTED LEAST THE CNN be should slogan Their CNN. News Fake than trusted more far are that outlets many are There Public. American the on fraud a be fact in could this that true not is this knows Everyone NEWS. IN NAME TRUSTED MOST THE CNN is slogan CNN’S
incompetence? gross just it was or responsible those fires @CNN if see to Watch “mistake”). his for fired immediately be should (who News ABC at Ross Brian lonely like just handed red caught were They yesterday. mistake purposeful and vicious a made CNN News Fake
Country. our for do must we what against vote always will Jones Again! Great America Make to vote your Need seat. Senate Alabama important that in Jones Democrat Liberal Pelosi/Schumer a have can’t We night. last rally the at fans Moore Roy enthusiastic very of contingent big A
Pensacola! you Thank on. going what’s get definitely They smart. really and loving loud was crowd the rafters the to packed was Arena Florida. Pensacola in night last EVENING GREAT
https://t.co/r2ITtWwfVs GOD! UNDER NATION one to allegiance pledge proudly we and Anthem National the for stand should American every that believe We
https://t.co/geWGzpzRp6 Florida! Pensacola YOU THANK and CHRISTMAS life!MERRY entire your for waiting been you've change the for fight fight fight and heard be up speak So most. the matters that voice your it's and home your is this land your is This
https://t.co/RQFqOkcpNV #MAGA minutes! 10 in @FoxNews on LIVE me Join Center. Bay Pensacola the at arrived Just
https://t.co/ijwxVSYQ52 #MAGA soon! everyone See Florida. Pensacola to way my On
https://t.co/vou28s0yHN @USDOL recorded...”@SecretaryAcosta ever lowest the 4.7% to dropped Hispanics among rate unemployment The recorded. ever lowest the 2.6% to dropped manufacturing in rate unemployment The 4.1%. of low 17-year a at remains rate unemployment “The
https://t.co/64a93S07s7 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
cheating! caught when severe penalties make but Regs cut will I increased. substantially anything if and pursued be will but reported been incorrectly has as dropped be not will others and customers their against acts bad their for Bank Fargo Wells against penalties and Fines
MOORE! ROY VOTE Military. &amp; Guns Vets Border Life Crime on bad He’s time. the of 100% us against vote would Jones Puppet Pelosi/Schumer The already. victory for margin little so have we where Senate in Democrat Liberal a is needs Agenda Again Great America Make the thing LAST
there! you See more! much so do to planning are yet time...and of period a short so in much so done have We speech. Again Great America Make a for Florida Pensacola in today expected crowd Big
https://t.co/bYdaOHmPVJ didn’t! others - promise campaign my fulfilled I
https://t.co/XhNXZSBEC8 #HappyHanukkahhttps://t.co/wyPkpTsP1i very a all them wish and – @WhiteHouse the to friends wonderful many so welcome to thrilled were I and Melania @FLOTUS Tonight
https://t.co/dfev02TwIr HARBOR.” PEARL alike:“REMEMBER foes and friends America’s by heard be could cry battle great one war the throughout Pacific the and Europe of skies harrowing and oceans battlefields the Across
https://t.co/x5LDl25o30 sacrifice. their and service their for gratitude with filled are hearts American All History. American to witnesses living are they and HEROES are They 12/7/1941. on attack the of Veterans surviving with joined be to honor incredible an was it Harbor Pearl Remember we as Today
https://t.co/ogmpydr5LK https://t.co/LkXsBx2JF8 Day. Remembrance Harbor Pearl National of honor in @WhiteHouse the at half-staff at flies flag U.S. the Today
https://t.co/qGhlsPlxtH #PearlHarborRemembranceDay???? America. of States United the Bless God and uniform the wear who HEROES our Bless God America. for fought and tall stood day that on who warriors brave the HARBOR—and PEARL REMEMBER to pauses nation entire our Today
1941 7 December infamy!” in live will that day “A - Day Remembrance Harbor Pearl National
@foxandfriends good. Kilmeade...Really Brian by Jackson Andrew on book new the get Go
https://t.co/YwgWmT0O8m Jerusalem... to Aviv Tel from Embassy American the move to preparation begin to Department State the directing also am I Israel. of capital the as Jerusalem recognize officially to time is it that determined have I
#Periscopehttps://t.co/wLXKoISSTG via @WhiteHouse the from live me Join
https://t.co/g9y9PkB352 work! incredible your for Responders First all to YOU THANK officials. state and local of orders and advice the heed to everyone encourage I wildfires. California’s of path the in everyone with are prayers and thoughts Our
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/QzFdxQdgAL https://t.co/zA7SGgWqBE Tickets: Center! Bay Pensacola the at Florida Pensacola in Friday this me Join
https://t.co/dIpdAUVoRB Escalante...https://t.co/jiTHcPovCi Staircase Grand and Ears Bears both of designations monuments national the modify will that Proclamations Presidential two sign to honor my was Capitol.It MAGNIFICENT Utah’s in friends WONDERFUL many so with be to thrilled was I Yesterday
Enjoy! history. political U.S. in Hunt Witch greatest the to respect with on going is what of talking @foxandfriends on just was Dershowitz Alan Scholar Legal watch: must A
YOU! and - Market Stock the for day big a be could this Taxes Cutting on vote great the With
back! roaring are Jobs EVER! Market Stock Highest Election. since 401-k’s your at Look more. much so borders...&amp; and military on strong crime on tough taxes on low of Agenda Republican great our hurt would Alabama in office into Jones Puppet Liberal Pelosi/Schumer Putting
Puppet! Pelosi/Schumer a Jones to No more. and Amendment 2nd Judges V.A. Life Pro Military Wall Border immigration illegal crime stopping on vote his need We Alabama. in win to Moore Roy Republican need we why is Cuts Tax massive for vote one even give to refusal Democrats
sense! make to starts all it Now PROBE” EMAIL CLINTON LED AGENT FBI “ANTI-TRUMP Report:
dollars! of millions many - caused has reporting bad this damages the for ABC suing and lawyer a hiring consider should suspended) been has (he News @ABC of Ross Brian of reporting Dishonest and False the on based points 350 down went Market Stock the when money lost who People
greatness. to back it bring will we not fear But History! in worst - Tatters in is reputation its FBI the running more) (and investigation Clinton dishonest and phony the with Comey of years After
charge. in agent FBI another of wife to going money Clinton @foxandfriends probe. Email Clinton Led review.” under probe Clinton in role “agent’s FBI dishonest?) very (no Tainted
https://t.co/MSIkBCKF3t Francisco! San in Justice of miscarriage total a Such
lie! Comey another covering News Fake more Just Flynn. investigating stop to Comey asked never I
News! Fake their with same the do should “papers” and Networks More Hunt. Witch Russia Russia Russia the on report dishonest and inaccurate horrendously his for Ross Brian suspending for News @ABC to Congratulations
justice! No Emails? 33000 washed” “acid and deleted Congress States United the from subpoena a receiving AFTER Hillary Crooked totally that fact the about do to going is Department “Justice” the what asking are Country our in people Many
standard? double a just or system Rigged her? to happens nothing times...and many lies recording no and in swearing no with “interrogation” holiday FBI famous now that on Clinton Hillary Crooked while destroyed is life his and FBI the to lies Flynn General So
https://t.co/TRuvaftPcD Melania! Lady First job Great
https://t.co/eOvCBcMIKX history... changed that word one uttered Alabama Montgomery in seamstress brave a week this ago years 62
hide! to nothing was There lawful. were transition the during actions his because shame a is It lies. those to guilty pled has He FBI. the and President Vice the to lied he because Flynn General fire to had I
commitment! and work hard your for Republicans Senate and House to you Thank passage. final for going be will Republicans great these Now Senate. the in passed just history in Cuts Tax and Bill Tax Biggest
https://t.co/gmWTny3SfS Christmas! before bill final a signing to forward Look Senate. the through bill our shepherding for @SenOrrinHatch Chairman and McConnell Mitch @SenateMajLdr to thanks Special America. across families working for cuts tax MASSIVE delivering to closer step one are We
https://t.co/2vCBDtLh3C GENERATIONS...” IN SEEN not GROWTH of levels with ECONOMY our IGNITE will - rate tax corporate lower a with complete - overhaul comprehensive a of enactment ACT:“The JOBS and CUTS TAX the on Economists
again!https://t.co/FrqiPLFJ1E respected highly is America and together well work we shots) final the call (I subjects certain on disagree we while and leaving not He’s NEWS! FAKE - soon leaving be would he that or Tillerson Rex fired I that speculating been has media The
credit! the given be not will and good too is it think they because block to trying Dems Obstructionist chance. generation a in once a is This better. and better getting is Bill The Country. our of history the in Cuts Tax biggest the pass to hard working are Senators Republicans
Elections. 2020 and 2018 the in price big a pay will they that Crime on weak so are Democrats Schumer/Pelosi The felon. time 7 a was Kate of killer the told not was jury The
WALL! THE BUILD justice. of travesty complete a is exoneration His court. in used not was info this yet and violent being and crimes committing always border Obama protected weakly the over back and back came killer Steinle Kate The
Immigration. Illegal with angry so are Country our of people the wonder No case! Steinle Kate the in verdict disgraceful A
https://t.co/P94C3LjWlx life... his of story the and Christ Jesus of birth the that know we beliefs our humanity.Whatever of all for love God’s of gift all—the of gift extraordinary most the and son baby their father a mother a with ago years 2000 begins Story Christmas The
https://t.co/cTvdlUkfHV CHRISTMAS! MERRY very a world the and America wish finally to honor tremendous my is it States United the of President as Now before. times many about speak me heard have you that one is It LONG. YEAR ALL to forward much very looking been I’ve that day a is Today
https://t.co/NoVt1uFp0y #MAGA 2017!#DOW24K of milestone 1K FIFTH Our
https://t.co/vYuw7UGYmN F-16’s... of purchase the finalizing including deals commercial in BILLION $9 advancing is he visit Prince’s Crown the partners.During important are States United the and Bahrain @WhiteHouse. the at Bahrain of Prince Crown the with meet to honor great my was it Today
https://t.co/6egRvuwj1l https://t.co/PIv9OAVZcf AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKING continue Let’s @SenOrrinHatch. you Thank
glum!” and “low be would high all-time an at also is which Confidence Consumer and levels these from 50% down be would Market the Election Presidential the won had Dems the If Record). all-time (another time first the for 24000 broke just Dow The
out! coming numbers great More abound. enthusiasm and Confidence High. Record new hits Market Stock
launch. the condemned China and Russia conditions. horrible such in living with up put military the and people his believe to Hard Man. Rocket Little on impact no had have to seems Korea North from returned just who Envoy Chinese The
@foxandfriends Rogue! went reporters biased their of many after credibility some preserve to installed they that Guidelines Media Social the against gone totally has @nytimes Failing The
winner! a have we know I now that often so wrong are They Bill. Cut Tax massive our to regard with them for lobbyist virtual a become has Party Democrat the for organ pipe the @nytimes Failing The
years! 8 only in it doubled Obama President when Debt National the about talking Democrats the hear to Funny
https://t.co/b0tLW5TVhX General Inspector Comm Intel McCulloughFmr Security...."Charles National to harm been have would there released been emails) Hillary’s (Crooked information the “Had
Republicans! the to go to success and credit the want not do and is it good really how know that Democrats Obstructionist the or it understand don’t that people the are Bill Cut Tax the like don’t who people only The
@FoxNews NOW! information this Give State. Deep stuff. Big Trump. Donald of associates of surveillance on light shed could which witness FBI an and documents key withholding for FBI the and JusticeDepartment the against citations(?) contempt seeks Representatives of House The
fine! just doing are We Kingdom. United the within place taking is that Terrorism Islamic Radical destructive the on focus me on focus don’t .@Theresa_May
fine! just doing are We Kingdom. United the within place taking is that Terrorism Islamic Radical destructive the on focus me on focus don’t @theresamay Theresa
https://t.co/3Niu0thp1D life!https://t.co/jMNwEMrbbr to back roaring Street Main bring and – CUTS TAX PASS MUST SENATE the future glowing and bright this achieve to order in DESTINY.But AMERICA’S RECLAIM and – PROSPERITY AMERICAN RESTORE to opportunity lifetime a in once a have we Now
https://t.co/sRL2yRK6k2 https://t.co/wW3QNxcCHf COUNTRY! GREAT OUR REBUILD to and COMMUNITIES OUR protect to WORKERS OUR of care take to time is It FIRST. AMERICA PUT to vote a is TAXES CUT to vote A
https://t.co/9jddEW2Oo5 MONEY! HARD-EARNED their of more keep Americans lets that cut tax massive present-a Christmas beautiful big a people American the give will we Together America. of backbone the are who families Class Middle the for stand strong a take &amp; House the join can Senate the week This
https://t.co/XF9sRwdV8u people!https://t.co/jR1DEUnm2h American the for victory incredible an delivering to closer step giant one us bring will week this Senate the in vote successful line.A finish the across CUTS TAX HISTORIC for plan our push help to Missouri Charles St. for @JBA_NAFW Departing
https://t.co/HrKIF72VqE gear! high into economy our shift will CUTS TAX and winning are We low. a at unemployment high new a at market Q3.Stock in 3.9% been have would growth GDP real that estimates CEA effects hurricane Excluding growing! Economy
handled! be will situation This today. Korea North on imposed be will sanctions major Additional Korea. North of actions provocative the concerning China of JINPING XI President to spoke Just
Investigate! ago? years Florida in place took that mystery” “unsolved the on based Scarborough Joe ratings low terminate they will And Griffin? Phil of contract the terminating be NBC at practitioners News Fake the will when gone is Lauer Matt that now So
Investigate! ago? years Florida in place took that mystery” “unsolved the on based Scarborough Joe ratings low terminate they will And Griffin? Phil of contract the terminating be NBC at practitioners News Fake the will when gone is Lauer Matt tha now So
past! Lack’s Andy out Check News. Fake much so out putting for fired be Comcast &amp; NBC at executives top the will when But workplace.” the in behavior sexual “inappropriate for NBC from fired just was Lauer Matt Wow
policies)! (my me likes somebody guess I High. Record at is Confidence Consumer Market. Stock the for day great another like Looks
https://t.co/8zJ3j7g5el time! of waste total a is them with Dealing CNN. News Fake boycott should we and Great
https://t.co/VB0Ao3s18d economy! our with do to having things all in territory record in are we .@foxandfriends
Country! great our be will Winner biggest the But Party. Republican the and Cuts Tax for day Great
https://t.co/AQL4JLvnDh Ivanka! work Great
Consumer! the for win big A CFPB. Bureau Protection Financial Consumer of leadership on lawsuit the won Just
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson corrupt? &amp; Rigged this? at looking authorities State deep our aren’t Why Security.” National endangered “Emails Emails. Hillary Crooked on misled was public said General Inspector Comm Intel fmr respected the McCullough Charles
demands. their get to shutdown a threaten now can't They big. won and immigration illegal stopping on ran I immigration. illegal &amp; amnesty for hostage funding troop hold shouldn't Dems military! &amp; gov't our fund to ever than important more it's launch missile Korea North After
https://t.co/iNOtT3K8Vn 2000...” December since reading best its notching 129.5 to October in 126.2 from rose Index Confidence Consumer The November. in years 17 nearly in level highest its at was sentiment consumer that said Board Conference “The
https://t.co/wJyB9d00hh HIGHS! RECORD new at day the finished all Nasdaq and 500 S&amp;P Dow
https://t.co/lZMqK5jBvh Mattis. James General Defense of Secretary and @SpeakerRyan McConnell Mitch @SenateMajLdr with Room Roosevelt the from Remarks
https://t.co/NrfnmixAwR #GivingTuesday” on Trump J. Donald President from “Statement
deal! a see don’t I Taxes. RAISE substantially to want and Crime on weak are unchecked Country our into flooding immigrants illegal want they is Problem working. and open government keeping about today Nancy” and “Chuck with Meeting
great! doing is Country and - run) have not would I (or win would I felt also I win.” will he doubt “no that everyone tell would She win.” will you run you “if that thought always doing is she what loves truly who Lady First working hard very and great our Melania
control! of out and Weak Anthem. National our and Flag our Country our to paying is NFL the disrespect the with up fed is public American The up. filling time hard very a having now are that stadiums NFL at weekend this kneeling players 24 least At
https://t.co/NvPeleVmub Rand! you Thank
Increases. Tax big want Democrats going! all it keep to Cuts Tax needed much the us give will Senators Republican Hopefully gains. record more has Market Stock high. year 10 a reach sales home New
well! works really and simpler becomes provision through pass the and savings and dollars actual in more even get can producers job and class middle the mathematical some changes few a just With support. great well very along coming is Bill Cut Tax The
https://t.co/I7h4Ryin3h cares! nobody terrible are ratings their that is news good The
TROPHY! NEWS FAKE the receive to Winner bad. all are They (me). President favorite your of coverage political its in distorted and/or corrupt dishonest most the is Fox including not and CNN plus Networks the of which to as contest a have should We
ALL! for great be will result end The better. and better getting is Bill Cut Tax The us. of all for through come hopefully will Republicans Senate Country. our to importance great of things other many and Cuts Tax for week big D.C. in Back
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE President. month 10 any than more done possibly have and booming economy the have I this Despite RussiaRussia. Russia election the losing for excuse Democrat phony the is hear you all office took I day first the Since
BAD! be would Jones Liberal race. this win Schumer/Pelosi let Can’t enough. wasn’t it but polls the in up way shot He Primary. Alabama the in Strange Luther endorsed I
disaster! a be would Jones SKY. THE TO TAXES RAISES TO WANTS AND Amendment 2nd our for Bad Vets great our and Military our for Bad Border the on WEAK Crime on WEAK is who puppet Schumer/Pelosi a is Senate U.S. the and Alabama in need we thing last The
https://t.co/ApVbu2b0Jd you. Thank report! would News Fake the Wish much. so did we realize didn’t I even Wow
them! from truth the see not does world outside The poorly. very WORLD the to Nation our represent they and news (Fake) of source major a still is International CNN U.S. the of outside but CNN than States United the in important more MUCH is .@FoxNews
quit! just who Administration previous from leader its under been has @CFPB the disaster complete a what about @WSJ Journal Street Wall the in Editorial recent the out Check
life! to back it bring will We public. the serve properly to unable and devastated been have Institutions Financial pick. Administrations previous the by run as disaster total a been has CFPB or Bureau Protection Financial Consumer The
https://t.co/pBQaBHvl7k #ShopSmall #SmallBiz. a at locally shopping by creators JOB America’s and community your support to day great #SmallBusinessSaturday!A Happy
anyway! Thanks pass. a took and good no is probably said I shoot. photo major a and interview an to agree to have would I but year last like Year” the of (Person) “Man named be to going PROBABLY was I that say to called Magazine Time
Egypt. of people the bless God BAN! the need WALL the Need will. we and before ever than SMARTER AND TOUGHER get to have We life. of loss much so with attack terrorist tragic the discuss to while short a in Egypt of President the calling be Will
existence! their of basis the forms that ideology extremist the discredit and militarily them defeat must we terrorism tolerate cannot world The Egypt. in worshipers defenseless and innocent on attack terrorist cowardly and Horrible
USA! the to back companies and jobs more even bringing on talks for Mar-a-Lago to back Then Johnson. Dustin and Woods Tiger with (quickly) golf play to Jupiter Club Golf National Trump to over heading be will I call Turkey After
place! first the in there be to trillion) (6 dollars and lives in mistake a what but done all it get will I East. Middle the in inherited I that mess the to peace bringing about morning this Turkey of Erdogan Tayyip Recep President to speaking be Will
https://t.co/udXP5MR8BC boss! the are Players league. hemorrhaging the of control lost has Commissioner The players. the to penalty without continues Anthem our Flag our Country our for disrespect the that believe you Can
https://t.co/5cVnMhnmuH people! great Two
https://t.co/S0S6xqrjSC ratings)! great (with guy great A
Cuts! Tax after right Replace &amp; Repeal will we Obstruct to want Dems the though Even worry. not do But disaster. a is it and Democrats the by OWNED is ObamaCare years. two for predicting been have I as just up up up going are premiums ObamaCare
https://t.co/C35HR9opbP today!#HappyThanksgiving Florida Beach Riviera in Station Inlet Worth Lake the at @USCG the of women and men incredible our join to honor great My
https://t.co/nQhi7XopMW THANKSGIVING! HAPPY
Florida. Quarters Guard Coast to going Then Bahrain. &amp; Turkey Monterey USS Iraq Afghanistan A.M. 9:00 at Military the of Members with Teleconference Video Thanksgiving live a doing be Will
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE @ThePlumLineGS
years....! 17 in unemployment lowest REGS IN CUT RECORD Justice Court Supreme great Vets our of care taking V.A. WALL the build will we strong really getting Military EVER Market Stock highest back coming Jobs well. really do to starting is Country your THANKSGIVING HAPPY
https://t.co/75wozGJQoP Cuts! Tax with better even get will it ....And
Argentina! of people the and them with be God May left. time much not and aboard people 45 submarine. missing their of mission Rescue and Search the with Argentina help to order the given long have I
@FoxNews smoothly! very running are airports and Traffic (AAA). years twelve in number highest - weekend this travel to American Million 51
https://t.co/1AxmegKqvu involved. all for Prayers situation. the monitoring are We crash. aircraft following rescue and search conducting is @USNavy The
strong. very getting and up building Military U.S. the to back coming companies Many E. since gain trillion $5.5 - yesterday High Record new hit Market Stock (Mar-a-Lago). Florida in House White Winter the from phones the working and meetings having be Will
https://t.co/1LidydhORD Fan! Hillary Crooked Another
league!..... your killing is issue This smart? and tough get finally Commissioner paid highly the will When kneeling! as bad as almost That’s season. next Anthem National the during Room Locker the in teams keeping - idea new a about thinking now is NFL The
fool! Ungrateful China. in especially deal big really a It’s thing. little a NOT is shoplifting LaVar remember But you. support to contract NBA no but China in son your with Thanksgiving during years 10 to 5 next the spent have could you ...LaVar
think.. Just hair. the without but King Don of version man’s poor a just is LaVar bad! Too ME. WAS IT - sentence prison term long a of out son his got that China in ground the on people so-called LaVar’s father wasn’t it Department State the wasn’t it House White the wasn’t It
https://t.co/fsS8B8f5UR Rest... Gobbler’s at Mountains Ridge Blue beautiful the in days their out live will Wishbone and Drumstick House. White the at Tradition American wonderful a continued we Today
https://t.co/Zauqz4jfWv House. White the at Turkey Thanksgiving National the of Pardoning the in Participate Melania @FLOTUS and Trump J. Donald President
@Varneyco and @foxandfriends 2018! for boom economic predict Analysts 4%. below drop will rate unemployment Trump President Under
down. way ratings and Attendance season. of remainder for him suspend should NFL time Next disrespect! Great Anthem. National our for boos to down sits and Anthem Mexican the for stands Raiders Oakland NFL’s the of Lynch Marshawn
public! American the disappoint to want not do they and long be not will it Hopefully approved. Reform Tax and Cuts Tax get to hard very working are Senators Republican
Wall! the build must and will We responsible. those justice to bring and out seek will We hurt. badly another Border Southern at killed Officer Patrol Border
animal. other any or Elephants of conservation helps way any in show horror this that mind my change to pressed hard very be will but week next announced be will decision trophy Big-game
ungrateful! Very released. were they why them told China instead. China to trip next my during out son his gotten have Should LaVar. father to not but jail) in years (5-10 be should it as China in deal big very a is Shoplifting
“toast.” is anyway career political his because cuts tax on NO a be He’ll President. favorite your about things bad saying “mike” on (purposely) caught was polls) anemic race (quit Arizona of State Great the in unelectable is who Flake(y) Jeff Sen.
jail! in them left have should I deal. big no is shoplifting that and son his for did I what of unaccepting is LiAngelo of father the Ball LaVar jail in years from saved and China of out are players basketball three the that Now
years! three in try another it give and life your with on get Hillary Party. Republican the for good so is which stop can’t just She time. all of loser biggest) (and worst the is Clinton Hillary Crooked
you! Thank Zinke. Secretary with soon update Will years. for study Under facts. conservation all review I as time such until hold on decision trophy game big Put
https://t.co/w8jE24pLwa https://t.co/Ecl2phhzyl #NCAAChampions??Photos: @WhiteHouse! the at 2016/2017 of Champions National Collegiate the celebrate to honor an was it Today
https://t.co/mrynwnTuoO crackdown'https://t.co/Mp268d8RaU MS-13 in arrested gangs...'Hundreds other many and #MS13 cartel criminal vile the destroy to going we're and communities our to peace and streets our to safety restore to going we're Together
Bill! into ideas their of many get to able be would we taxes lower of power the understood and obstructionists such not were Democrats If
results! great some see really we'll Reform and Cuts Tax get we If Economy. the and Stocks on numbers Great
tape? Stahl Lesley women. for respect and harassment sexual about listen would who anyone lecturing was he week last just that think to .And
..... sleeps? she while 6 &amp; 5 4 3 2 pictures in go hands his do Where words. thousand a speaks bad really is picture Frankenstien Al The
military! our for not but higher much taxes raise to want they Dems Zero 227-205. Reform and Cuts Tax GOP for House the in today win Big
https://t.co/8FjefMj6hh year! the of end the by people American the for CUTS TAX historic deliver to promise our fulfilling toward step big a — #TaxCutsandJobsAct the passing for Representatives of House the to Congratulations
again. ever weapons chemical with murder mass commit not does Regime Assad that ensure to Syria for Mechanism Investigative Joint the renew to vote to Council Security UN the on all Need
happens! what see we'll move big A - Korea North to Delegation and Envoy an sending is China
life! of road winding and long the on pitfalls many are there careful Be LIFE! GREAT A HAVE and possible release ....your
made..... who China of Jinping Xi President to You Thank big a give and out go welcome You're say: I players basketball UCLA three the To
close! getting are cuts Tax House. the in tomorrow vote Big
Delay! and Obstruction reason: The (jobs)? business and class middle the for cuts tax massive fighting Democrats are Why
ineffective! and policy...weak foreign to comes it when is @nytimes Failing the dumb) (or naive how believe to hard actually is It
Trade! Watch again. respected being is U.S. The thing. bad a not thing good a are relationships these that realize should ...They
China..... of President Jinping Xi like leaders World with relationship great a developed have I that fact the hates @nytimes failing The
jail! in years 10 for headed were They Trump? President you thank say will Players Basketball UCLA three the think you Do
https://t.co/EQMwv1XbiM you! Thank
https://t.co/TmNdNPBJ3m hard! working you Thank
Loser! is. it FAKE and bad how realized again and months in done not have I which @CNN watch to forced was I Philippines the in While
come! to years for endure will that benefits &amp; friendships the and Asia to trip successful our of much showing be will .@foxandfriends
come! to years many for trip successful but long our of fruits the see will You Asia. in again respected is country great Our
home! be to Great days. successful very 12 after Asia from returned Just
arrived. has Enforcement Law and FBI The Texas. Springs Sutherland of people the with be God May
https://t.co/FziKSbrzcu #USA???? ASIA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/3ABVXTsJM0 WORK! GREAT the up Keep Philippines. the in Embassy States United the of families their and staff amazing the to YOU THANK
https://t.co/YhrwkdObhP AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will WE Together 50's. the in be could numbers think people Some wrong. are They 30’s. the in we’re say to likes #FakeNews But around. time last polls accurate most the of One
set. be to date and Time D.C. to return my upon @WhiteHouse the from statement major a making be will I
friends! good many Made D.C. for leaving be then Will Administrations. past from shows horror the unlike DEALS TRADE FAIR to lead Will Leaders. World with stop final my for Philippines the in #ASEAN50 at arrived Just
quickly! down go must deficits TRADE massive The fashion. reciprocal a in and fairly treated be to has States United The changed. have rules the that know TRADE on us with dealing Countries all Asia of tour my After
REFORM! and CUTS TAX with us help will He floor. Senate the on back and well looking @RandPaul see to Great
CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain???? TAX big getting class middle the with Bill Tax GREAT a pass House the see to home heading be to Excited
cuts? income middle to going rest the of w/all 35% to rate top Cut further? even taxes reducing &amp; OCare in Mandate Indiv unpopular highly &amp; unfair the ending about how Now close! getting We’re reform.} {&amp; taxes cutting on hard so working for Senate &amp; House Rep. the of proud am I
prices! drug lower and healthcare better for star a be will He Secretary. HHS next the be to Azar Alex nominating am I announce to Happy
fulfilled. being rapidly are promises My #MAGA! to order in work &amp; mtgs constant of days many after tomorrow Philippines the leaving be Will
https://t.co/2ahAvm4n9s country! our for deals great be to around turning are we which trade on #ASEANSummit at meetings bilateral of day Great
https://t.co/TD0rYcWN8C you! Thank
https://t.co/WfSd8EE3Nm now. Philippines the in Gala Anniv 50th #ASEANSummit the to Heading Quang! Dai Tran President you thank Vietnam to visit wonderful a had We
https://t.co/YxHRNhhPWo Vietnam! Hanoi in events and meetings of day great a after Philippines the in landed Just
Vietnam! Hanoi in events and meetings of day great a after Philippines the in landed Just
happen! will that someday maybe and - friend his be to hard so try I well Oh fat?" and "short him call NEVER would I when "old" me calling by me insult Jong-un Kim would Why
Putin. with chemistry zero had he but also tried Obama button? reset misspelled the with friend our be to Russia begging was State of Secretary as Clinton Hillary Crooked when remember Media News Fake the Does
help! greatly can Russia and terrorism Ukraine Syria Korea North solve to want I country. our for bad - politics playing always There thing. bad a not thing good a is Russia with relationship good a having that realize there out fools and haters the all will When
made. being Progress crisis. Korea North dangerous the China with along solve to help his for Hope Syria. on discussions Good meetings. #APEC at was who Russia of Putin President with Met
Phillipines. the trip of destination final for heading then Vietnam Hanoi in conference press joint a doing be Will
made. being is Progress denuclearize. to them wants he Said #NoKo. against sanctions the upping is he that stated has China of Xi President
https://t.co/f9snmRUA4a ??https://t.co/9C0yyIv9Ws ??https://t.co/hgUQP9leqK War” Vietnam the of Anniversary 50th the Commemorating Proclamation “Presidential
https://t.co/GhQbCA7yII you! Thank VETERANS. GREAT our to Nation American entire the of gratitude incredible the express to want I Day Veterans wonderful this On
https://t.co/ecgoSJP5Uc #SemperFi Marines!#USMC242 States United the of women and men the to Birthday 242nd Happy nation entire an of behalf On
https://t.co/8gKQUhit2X #APEC2017 strength. national our to vital is It security. national IS security economic - security national to RELATED merely not is security economic that years recent in again and time reminded been has States United The
https://t.co/mGPeyZEyqm #APEC2017 strength. national our to vital is It security. national IS security -economic security national to RELATED merely not is security economic that years recent in again and time reminded been has States United The
https://t.co/CM3Hqt16A8 #APEC2017 today. deliver to here am I message the is That mine. and countries your both of interests the in is that commerce beneficial mutually achieve to today room this in leaders the of each with work to prepared is States United The
https://t.co/gN2YbS9CYB #APEC2017 security. and prosperity our promote to together and Indo-Pacific the of nations the of all between commerce and friendship of bonds the strengthen to together work to -- America with partnership renewed a offer to here am I Today
https://t.co/a570IIGe0I #APEC2017 people. their of potential the unlocked and destinies their of control greater taken have nations INDEPENDENT and SOVEREIGN of citizens region this throughout places more and more In
https://t.co/qBOCY3u7YV side-by-side. prosper all can dreams different many &amp; cultures w/diverse nations independent &amp; sovereign where place a -- Indo-Pacific open &amp; free a for vision our sharing of honor the had I've America. from news good the sharing of pleasure the had I've travels my Throughout
#APEC2017 at speech a deliver to Vietnam Nang Da in landed Just
troops. AMAZING our greet to Alaska to going before China of WALL Great the course of and zoo the see to behind staying is Melania @FLOTUS Vietnam. in #APEC2017 for China leaving am I
Liyuan! Peng Madame and him with being great was It people. his of representative powerful and respected highly a is He Korea. North of subject the and trade both on productive very were Jinping Xi President with meetings My
same! done would've I clue? no had that people of advantage taking for China blame you can How billions. of $100's losing is U.S. the where point a to up leading trade on U.S. the of advantage take to China allowing for Admins past of incompetence the blame I China blame don’t I
https://t.co/mK3SB7t3EV ???????? China. and States United the between relationship STRONGER even an building to forward look I ahead years and months coming the In
https://t.co/g4Z7mO5cV9 ??https://t.co/J9x51h1LBe display! impressive and memorable truly a was It ceremony. welcome incredible an such for you thank Xi President
https://t.co/7ifv5gT7Ur victory! landslide College Electoral (304-227) MASSIVE a us gave who people of millions the and ”DEPLORABLES” the of all to Congratulations
https://t.co/sQoUWIGAiQ it! forget never will I and Melania @FLOTUS China! welcome beautiful the for YOU THANK tomorrow. delegations our and Xi President with meetings of day full a to forward Looking
https://t.co/4llqLrNpK3 US. TRY NOT DO AND us. underestimate not Do miscalculation. fatal a be would This weakness. as restraint past America's interpreted has NoKo
https://t.co/ma0F7SHbVU morning! tomorrow you rejoining to forward looking are We Liyuan. Peng Madame and Xi President Beijing in City Forbidden the at evening and afternoon unforgettable an for YOU THANK I and Melania @FLOTUS of behalf On
Xi! President with being and meeting to forward much very Looking China. to heading now Korea South Leaving
https://t.co/9tsZRCC83j again! once reunited are that families and safe is that peninsula a free is that Korea a of dream we Together
https://t.co/zyuYc0fIH6 longer. no it doubt will you past....and our to look should U.S. the of determination or strength the doubts who Anyone
https://t.co/xJ4jUpA8d8 commitments... those of all broken It's allies. its and U.S. the to made has it commmitment &amp; agreement assurance every of defiance in programs missile ballistic &amp; nuclear its pursued has regime Korean North The
https://t.co/2YXkIvRIFi strength! through peace want I now. right built being world the in anywhere equipment military finest and newest the to dollars of billions of hundreds spending they're and military its rebuilding completely is administration my under U.S. The
https://t.co/hSxdtd2UnY ??https://t.co/M3iEhPdkas #POTUSinAsia Korea????????#NationalAssembly South in LIVE me Join
before! than bigger even win to continue will we numbers record doing economy the with and seats House 4 of out 4 won Republicans forget Don’t for. stand I what or me embrace not did but hard worked Gillespie Ed
victory. political great his off just is who Xi President with meeting to forward look much very I where China to headed be will then Korea South in here Assembly National the to speech major a make to ready Getting
this! do can We disposed. &amp; collected drugs of amount record A Day. Back Take Drug Rx Nat'l in participated who Americans all to you Thank
https://t.co/l0c7RvvOa1 @BillyGraham! father your to BIRTHDAY 99th HAPPY photo. great a such Franklin
ASAP! today Vote gone. be will crime and MS-13 VA. of performance economic poor and crime high the around turn totally will .@EdWGillespie
today! @EdWGillespie Vote economy. Virginia on horrible been has ....and
Amendment.... Anti-Second VETS GREAT our on weak crime on weak He’s Virginia. in rampant be to crime allow will Northam Ralph
jobs! and companies class middle the for CUTS TAX on hard very Working making. ....is
Administration.... my that moves the in confidence great is There yesterday. high record all-time another yet hit market Stock
https://t.co/bMvJz1iV2a remembered. be always will It ceremony. welcoming beautiful the for Korea South of Moon President to you Thank
https://t.co/kNLyONhBCC https://t.co/5NJirz4iNM ???????? Korea. South in Humphreys Camp at troops ROK and U.S. INCREDIBLE our with lunch have to honor great my was It
years! for country their “milking” been have treating harshly are they those of ....Some
doing.... are they what exactly know they Arabia Saudi of Prince Crown the and Salman King in confidence great have I
out! all it figure will We gentleman. fine a Moon President with meetings and Korea South for leave to ready Getting
happening+++! orders energy &amp; military Massive Country. great our for benefits many yield will Abe PM with friendship and Japan to visit My
back! roaring come will it tomorrow Gillespie Ed vote you If terrible. been has rule Democrat under economy Virginia of state The
https://t.co/EvxFqAVnFS #Japan???? #USA????
https://t.co/qkCPgtKGkA strong... stand we sadness the and tears the through and arms lock We hands. join We together. pull we best: do we what do ...Americans
Japan. from situation the monitoring am I scene. the on are enforcement law &amp; FBI The Texas. Springs Sutherland of people the w/ be God May
https://t.co/4HnXkR3EhW economy. tremendous our of because strength negotiating great with days 12 the into Heading
https://t.co/KEXnIkkQks @USForcesJapan! GREAT our with Base Air Yokota at be to honor true a was It
https://t.co/vYLULe0o2K people! wonderful two Matsuyama Hideki and Abe Minister Prime with golf Playing
https://t.co/6LRAgojvDB Abe. Minister Prime see to Leaving Japan. Tokyo in Base Air Yokota at women and men great the to speech a gave Just
https://t.co/AVLrrOxmm4 soon! you See MILITARY. GREAT our with be to wait Can’t shortly. landing am I
States! United the to Important Exchange. Stock York New the with Aramco of IPO their doing Arabia Saudi appreciate much very Would
trill $5.4 up ever Market stock Highest office. took I since created jobs new million 1.5 years. 17 in lowest 4.1% to down is Unemployment
https://t.co/CMkB0kTkSc forget. never I’ll day @USSArizona!A the Remember #PearlHarbor. @PacificCommand.Remember and Military/Veterans GREAT our to you Thank
https://t.co/6gDME9cmnS now. @FLOTUS w/ Harbor Pearl to Heading arrival. upon @PacificCommand visit to honor great My Hawaii. welcome beautiful a such for you Thank
Harbor! Pearl at Military/Veterans great our with meeting to forward much so Looking Hawaii. in land to ready Getting
Military. our to and Country our to disgrace total and complete a is Bergdahl Sergeant on decision The
https://t.co/twUNktGbnb JOBS! JOBS JOBS
Disgraceful! night. last TV Network News Fake on coverage ZERO got years in stories political biggest the of one Primary Dem rigged The
down! you let never Will Philippines. the &amp; Vietnam China SKorea Japan to heading be then Will Harbor. Pearl @ ceremony for off took Just
right. was I cheating without H Crooked not Sanders Bernie against winning and running be would I felt always I
Hillary! Crooked by primary Dem the of theft complete the of apoplectic be to right every have supporters Sanders Bernie
us! on attack every for price big a pay will They days. two last the over harder" "much ISIS hit has Military the that on ...Based
..... soldier." "their was Side West the on people wonderful the wounded badly so and killed who Animal Degenerate the claimed just ISIS
Dept. Justice &amp; FBI go Lets Primaries! the rigged Clinton Hillary Crooked legendary the by lead Democrats the that stated just Pocahontas
Bernie! Crazy from Primary Democratic the stole then &amp; DNC the bought Hillary Crooked book. new B's Donna in is Collusion on story real The
it! deserves public American The proper. and right is what do must FBI the and Department Justice the point some At angry. are ....People
plus... plus Server the Podesta Uranium E-mails deleted the about What Primary. Dem the stole and for paid she says book B Donna ...New
Dems.. the &amp; Hillary Crooked with on going dishonesty the of all into looking isn't FBI) (and Department Justice the why asking is Everybody
impact. an having out-and getting be finally must word the guess I employee. rogue a by minutes 11 for down taken was account Twitter My
Enjoy! 10:00. at @FoxNews on @IngrahamAngle by interviewed be will I
disaster! a was leadership Comey's James watch. to sad so was FBI great and cherished once our about statement opening @TuckerCarlson The
Department? Justice our is where - Laundering Money and Laws Finance Campaign of violation Major dishonesty. and collusion real is ....This
H.... Crooked by for paid and Bought Sanders. Bernie from Primary the steal illegally to system the RIGGED DNC the stated just Brazile Donna
America! for right is what do and strong hold will Republicans the but Hill Capital storming are lobbyists The today. rollout Cut Tax Great
https://t.co/6aDuRy3zws @FederalReserve. the of Chairman next the be to Powell Jerome of nomination my announce to honor great and pleasure my was it Today
https://t.co/NsJ4PtVTtl manufacturing. in BILLION/yr. $6 &amp; research/engineering in BILLION/yr. $3+ U.S.A. into rev annual of BILLION America=$20 to move Broadcom's
https://t.co/WrqUXBndyZ U.S.A..... the to back Singapore from HQ’s their moving is he announce to WH the to Tan Hock CEO @Broadcom welcome to thrilled are we Today
https://t.co/d7L1YW5iVY #USA???? SAFE! AMERICA make to need We BASED! SECURITY is that system a have can we that so migration chain end must Congress
https://t.co/tW4wOlI4vu security. national our to vulnerabilities significant presents that program lottery visa diversity the TERMINATE to Congress on calling am I
https://t.co/BP7OEzdhFi #EarnHistory Champions??#HoustonStrong #WorldSeries 2017 @Astros Houston the to Congratulations
PENALTY! DEATH fast. move Should committed. he crime horrible the of home the in him keeping about appropriate something also is ...There
system... Federal the through going than longer much takes process that statistically but Guantanamo to terrorist NYC the send to love Would
PENALTY! DEATH GET SHOULD 12. injured badly people 8 killed He room. hospital his in flag ISIS hang to asked he as happy was terrorist NYC
https://t.co/5ASJVLGAiG person! this by impressed extremely be will you think I Fed. the of head new the announcing be will I Tomorrow today. @Cabinet w/ mtg Great
Person! and Champion great truly a @garyplayer to birthday Happy
https://t.co/suAnjs6Ccz miners! coal clean great our for happening finally is It
first! comes citizens our of safety The Procedures. Vetting Extreme tougher much implementing immediately be will States United The
them! with be God attack. terror Side West the in killed men wonderful and proud five the about Argentina of Macri President to spoke Just
https://t.co/PQGeTTdRtX ACCEPTABLE! NOT evil. truly be can who them with family whole their bring they and in come people Some now! end must MIGRATION CHAIN
better! the for changing rapidly are courts Our clip! record a at Judges Court Appeals ...and @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
District... Federal high-quality appointing are we @SenateGOP the and McConnell @SenateMajLdr to Thanks
https://t.co/imPIdOzjAn professionally! so attack Side West terrible the handled having for officials govt all and Responders First NYPD GREAT the to you Thank
#NYCStrong attack. Side West the to respect with efforts their of all and any supports ...fully @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo
government... federal the that know them let to Blasio de @NYCMayor and @NYGovCuomo with spoke Just
https://t.co/WZFHXoJE3K ones. loved precious their lost who families the for grieving and praying is America of All NYC. in attack terrorist horrifying the mourn We
EVER Cuts Tax Biggest Push along. moves approval final of process the as ASAP consider should Senate and House The Class. Middle the ....for
Cuts..... Tax further for savings those use and ObamaCare in Mandate Individual unpopular and unfair very the Repeal to great be it Wouldn't
https://t.co/6K3Xw5P87d #USA???? #NYCStrong
@foxandfriends craziness! this stop will We Shaffer. Col.Tony said problems" Europes import to helping Schumer Chuck "Senator
@foxandfriends smarter). (and tougher MUCH get must We Systems. Lottery Democrat more no immigration Based Merit for hard fighting are We
based. merit want I beauty. Schumer Chuck a Program" Lottery Visa "Diversity the called is what through country our into came terrorist The
this! for not but fine is correct politically Being Program. Vetting Extreme already our up step to Security Homeland ordered just have I
ever! biggest be will These deserve. you know they that Cuts Tax Massive the toward late) (and hard working are members House Republican The
you! with are country your and God attack. terrorist City York New the of families and victims the to prayers and condolences thoughts My
Enough! elsewhere. and East Middle the in them defeating after country our enter or return to ISIS allow not must We
U.S.A.! THE IN NOT closely. this following is enforcement Law person. deranged and sick very a by attack another like looks NYC In
https://t.co/xr20OBb2DV #EndingWarOnCoal years. 10 last Down??31.5% year. past PRODUCTIONUp??7.8% COAL U.S.
https://t.co/STBtR6mO2j https://t.co/XzJiZgGQ8R more: Read August” in Highs All-Time New Reach Prices “Home
https://t.co/nLo5XCnuIx https://t.co/w7WkcobFun more: Read 2000" December Since Level Highest Hits Confidence "Consumer
https://t.co/BRpgXVRI8Y Halloween!#Halloween2017 Happy and safe a everyone Wishing
https://t.co/BK7sDv9phU @LuisRiveraMarin! you Thank
https://t.co/2U7WJmfGlM Attacks” Benghazi in Role Alleged His for al-Imam Mustafa of Apprehension the on Trump President by “Statement
weak! News Fake fulfilled. promise campaign another yet be would which Swamp The Drain could brother his and He shattering. ....earth
is.... Dems Crooked about know he What firm. his from running Podesta is dither a in Dems the has that one the yesterday story biggest The
corruption)! Democrat to addition (in Class Middle the and (jobs) Business for Cuts Tax Massive our on focus to start will people hope I
DEMS! the Check liar. a be to proven already has who George named volunteer level low young the knew people Few campaign. the to ....came
he... before long place took mentioned events and collusion" "no was there said lawyer Manaforts Paul As overtime. working is News Fake The
COLLUSION! NO is there ....Also
focus????? the Dems the &amp; Hillary Crooked aren't why But campaign. Trump the of part was Manafort Paul before ago years is this but Sorry
@foxandfriends. on MichaelCaputo by job Great
OK'd! who knows Nobody DNC. from (really?) $12400000 got also firm The GPS. Fusion to $972000 paid Campaign Obama that out Report
NOT! coincidental? this Is Reform. &amp; Cuts Tax historic for push big their making are Republicans the when right talk "Russia" this of All
SOMETHING! DO out. pouring are facts the now and Democrats/Clinton by GUILT much so is There before. never like back fighting now ...are
R's... the but politics evil for Hunt Witch country) our for bad (and terrible this using are Dems The exist. doesn't which ..."collusion"
Trump/Russia.... phony at look they Instead more. much so and fix Comey the Emails deleted plus 33000 the deal Russia to Uranium ...the
$12000000?).... (now Dossier Fake made Clinton on investigation of lack the concerning have I as UNITY &amp; ANGER Republican such seen Never
Cuts! Tax after soon Healthcare great have and Replace &amp; Repeal will we but it) own Dems (the up be will premiums ObamaCare the usual As
schedule! of ahead long released are Files JFK
Sad! close. to forced was and BOMB TOTAL a was Broadway on Show Moore Michael Sloppy the that out point must I presidential all at not While
https://t.co/vOcTlyOeyw 24/7/365! courage and sacrifice service your for you to grateful forever are We there. out HEROES our of all to #FirstRespondersDay Happy
rest. to theories conspiracy all and any put to order ...in
and... transparency disclosure full of reasons for this doing am I living. still is who person mentioned any of ...addresses
and... names the than other #JFKFiles ALL releasing be will I Agencies other and CIA the Kelly General with consultation strict After
https://t.co/CYG11DnxH7 https://t.co/ONObTWOaOn participating! by #OpioidEpidemic the fight help can Everyone Day. Back Take Drug Prescription National is Today
President! Mr. you Thank News). (Fake press the by treated am I badly how and me about Carter Jimmy President by remarks nice the read Just
years! in Q's consecutive Best hits). hurricane big the despite (3.0 yesterday announced numbers GDP GREAT the about reporting little Very
https://t.co/SgWL1HZmkI KNOW! WE Russia”??https://t.co/GqpIidk017NOW on fools for press the played Hillary Team HAPPENED”“How “WHAT
https://t.co/AnPBSJFh3J #JFKFiles
https://t.co/MCrMK6Eurm @TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday Birthday Happy
be....??https://t.co/PEj1KNYcAO will Fed the of head next the who to as decision my awaiting anxiously are People
https://t.co/nACQerJSiu GOP” than Russia with collusion Dem of evidence “More Wallace: Chris .@FoxNews
https://t.co/DL3oan4Fm7 love. and leadership through despair of depths the from communities their pull who heroes everyday of stories the by inspired are We
Cuts Tax big up setting Budget passing in job GREAT a did Chairwoman Committee Budget House respected highly the Tennessee of Black Diane
https://t.co/rgdU9plvFK @FLGovScott. you Thank
HC! with collusion Was Trump. and Russia between collusion NO was there that looking COSTLY of months many after agreed commonly now is It
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE difference. a such made have song beautiful your and You @TheLeeGreenwood. great the to birthday Happy
public! to everything about just get to hope my is It transparency. great be will there end the In released. carefully being are Files JFK
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE difference. a such made have song beautiful your and You @leegreenwood83. great the to birthday Happy
fans! many has She politics. of world wonderful the enter to decision her on @Joy_Villa to luck Good
Cuts Tax biggest for Now yesterday. passage Budget on Party Republican the to and @SteveScalise @GOPLeader @SpeakerRyan to Congratulations
show! and job great Really @foxandfriends. you Thank
elections! wins never beginning from agenda Again Great America Make my and me fighting been has who Steyer Tom unhinged totally &amp; Wacky
https://t.co/mZI5uQN4oZ https://t.co/iAZjqGMwav abuse. drug of affliction terrible the from nation our free &amp; #OpioidEpidemic this defeat will we TOGETHER WORKING
https://t.co/YosOBurdCw law. federal under EMERGENCY HEALTH PUBLIC NATIONAL a #OpioidCrisis the declared officially administration my today Effective
passed! just Budget - news Big
Party! Republican the within UNITY the underestimate not Do
crime! on weak VERY be will and meetings/work to up show even doesn't opponent His Virginia. of Governor great a be will Gillespie Ed
statues/heritage! great our save even might he crime on Strong fast. and around #'s economy Virginia bad really the turn will Gillespie Ed
https://t.co/SlNTENvJLA success! Sean another be Will
https://t.co/ajiC3flNkI Again!#AmericaFirst???? Great America Make will we Together
https://t.co/JYckXWEmLu https://t.co/o3W9bJkz5k more: Read #TaxReform it! need we and - country our of history the in CUT TAX biggest the be will This
https://t.co/9V9z015kVl Enjoy! @FoxBusiness. on 7pmE at up coming @LouDobbs with Interview
https://t.co/rBel6IWrJl work! great the up Keep TX. in here efforts recovery hurricane on briefing todays for you @DanPatrickThank Gov. Lt. &amp; @GovAbbott Texas
interesting! So tomorrow. place take will #JFKFiles the of release anticipated long The
https://t.co/uFMonzza7N trip! historic a be hopefully will what for weeks two in China in Liyuan Peng Madame &amp; Xi President with being to forward look I and Melania
subjects! important very two trade &amp; NoKo discussed Also elevation. extraordinary his on him congratulate to China of Xi President to Spoke
#Dobbs @FoxBusiness. on 7pmE at tonight aired be Will @LouDobbs. by interviewed Just
https://t.co/7AsjAMrSnV Reince! you of proud We’re man. talented and good really a Priebus @Reince to Congrats
https://t.co/CbEwJSQ1A3 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
O! standing a me gave just they Really out." spoken have colleagues my of lot "a said Arizona in rating approval 18% an with Flake Jeff
JOBS &amp; business class middle the be will winners Big sides. many so from support Great history. U.S. in cut tax biggest the on hard Working
USA! for ideas great and ovations standing with fest love a was Corker and Flake of outside yesterday Senators Republican with meeting The
wounded! &amp; hurt so act Now elected. being of chance zero had they simple very is race Senate the of out dropped Corker and Flake reason The
@FoxNews President." the is here victim The Dossier. News Fake anti-Trump the to led that research for paid DNC &amp; campaign "Clinton
U.S. for success and Cuts Tax big want who people great are Most ovations! standing Multiple today. Senators Republican with being nice So
https://t.co/HVD0kLYlBk https://t.co/cyRAQAKhy2 more: Read Day” Nations United as 2017 24 October Proclaims Trump J. Donald “President
good. very looking Jobs high! record another hit just Market Stock
forward! move we Now back. way U.S. the set have Corker Bob liddle' like People us. of advantage taking and laughing WAS World entire ...the
as..... clue a have doesn't He done. has U.S. the poorly how look &amp; Committee Relations Foreign the of head incompetent the is Corker Sen.
plus! Cuts Tax fight now will Tennessee of State Great the in re-elected get couldn't who Corker Bob Senator lightweight that sad it Isn't
record! his at Look Trump. anything on negative only is now and him endorse to refused I when Tennesse in race the of out dropped ...Corker
Cuts.... Tax fighting now is Tennessee in catcher dog elected get couldn't &amp; Deal Iran bad the us give O President helped who Corker Bob
https://t.co/BaQZDA3s2e nation. our to service in died They Beirut. in Hizballah by killed members service American 241 the forget never will We
hesitation! without beginning from name his spoke and Johnson David La Sgt. of widow the with conversation respectful very a had I
NFL! in leadership No Country. &amp; Flag our to disrespect total showing Anthem National the during kneel to continue players NFL dozen Two
stays! it and works that break tax class middle popular and great a been always has This 401(k). your to change NO be will There
cred. Lost worse! even NEWS FAKE ME. ABOUT STORIES FABRICATE ORGS NEWS NATIONAL MAJOR BELIEVE PEOPLE OF 46% through. sinking finally is It
R! vote &amp; action in her watch You Dems. for disaster a Party Republican the for giving on keeps that gift the is Wilson Congresswoman Wacky
ENJOY! - @FoxNews on A.M. 10:00 at Bartiromo Maria with today interview Doing
yrs! 17 in unemployment lowest Market Stock Record Justice Court Supreme improvement VA historic ISIS Military Strong Amendment ...2nd
security.... border pipelines freedom energy cuts regulation massive approvals Legislation 50 Over Administration. this than months ...9
first..... its in more done has Administration no perhaps but HealthCare) get also will (we important is approved Cuts Tax getting agree I
@bpolitics 1973. March since Lowest Market" Job U.S. firm show 1973 since claims jobless "Fewest reported: lightly but out Just
mine! not side her on was Facebook did. I than Election Presidential on more dollars of millions of hundreds spent Clinton Hillary Crooked
CBS? &amp; NBC ABC CNN on News Fake of dollars of billions the about What ads. Facebook on spent money of amount "tiny" about hearing Keep
it. for paid who release immediately should FBI and/or Department Justice Fifth. the plead "Dossier" discredited now the behind Officials
https://t.co/2eoYXJB7h0 campaign” anti-ISIS in breakthrough critical as Raqqa of liberation hails “Trump
this! on time much spent doesn't News Fake Election. since up dollars trillion 5.3 Friday. on high time all another hits Market Stock
https://t.co/Pdg7VqQv6M on! going is what get People
opened. be to FILES JFK classified and blocked long the President as allowing be will I information further of receipt the to Subject
Party! Democrat the killing is representative a as she that in Wilson Congresswoman Wacky about talking keeps Media News Fake the hope I
covered! barely MSM - history U.S. in cut tax biggest the be will what of terms in especially deal big really a is passed just that Budget
man! wonderful A - Jeffress Robert Dr. by Heaven" Called Place "A out just book Great
https://t.co/s3kXpvbYih https://t.co/9czcJDbmVW today: me Join people! American the to relief tax historic offer to opportunity once-in-a-generation a is This
https://t.co/Sk0Jcazzxw do! you all appreciate we U.S.A. the for Speaking @WhiteHouse. the at @AntonioGuterres @UNSecretary-General have to honor an was it Today
https://t.co/8cZLdAbgzw Agree! @FoxandFriends. @GeraldoRivera you Thank
safe! America keep must we good Not terror." Islamic Radical of spread amid annually 13% rises crime Kingdom "United report: out Just
country! our of history the in biggest the be will which Reform) (and Cuts Tax scale large of passage the for allows now ....This
against..... voting Cuts) Tax for vote will (he Paul Rand only with votes Democrat ZERO got We 49. to 51 night last late passed Budget The
https://t.co/aBzQR7KR0c #TaxReform people! American the for cuts tax MASSIVE delivering toward step first - McConnell @SenateMajLdr budget 2018 the on news Great
Show! Great #VegasStrong. for Vegas Las in stage on going now right are Rich John Champion Apprentice and @seanhannity getter ratings Big
content! on lie total a gave and call personal very a on SECRETLY was who Wilson(D) Congresswoman wacky with crazy going is News Fake The
https://t.co/PSCXg38CtS DillonCJTF–OIRhttps://t.co/jVGuvv5mzm Ryan Colonel grip..."Army its losing is 100%!"ISIS you with am I work. GREAT the up Keep
https://t.co/Op2xDZxvNc #PRStrong you! with are We today. @WhiteHouse the at us #PuertoRico????with of @RicardoRossello Governor have to great was It
Foundation" Clinton to millions sent "Russia .@foxandfriends
all)? (or Dems the or FBI the Russia it for paid Who 5th. the take Dossier Fake and discredited the with involved firm of Workers
follow! to want doesn't Media Fake that story biggest the is knowledge Administration Obama and help Clinton with Russia to deal Uranium
knows? who but votes the have we think I cuts. tax massive toward step first today approval Budget big the for going are Republicans
this! than worse much actually is It @FoxNews Administration." his &amp; Trump about stories inventing is Media the think Americans of "46%
https://t.co/AKWlsMsCVH #MAGA hard! Working compliment. wonderful the for much so you @BradThorThank &amp; .@DanaPerino
https://t.co/GQ5f2eVvEI #MAGA #Dow23K year..." this milestones thousand one year...FOUR 23000??this "20000??21000??22000??
https://t.co/kyv866prdE #USA???? about! all is COUNTRY our in PRIDE REAL what is This
Anthem. National the for Stand action. enough not talk much Too .@NFL:
https://t.co/xvHgx7d1cT @NikkiHaley limits.."Amb. other the violates brazenly it while deal nuclear w/the compliance technical of assertion its behind hides "Iran
https://t.co/ge4Xic9fId #TaxReform today. @WhiteHouse the to Committee Finance Senate the of members Democratic and Republican welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/YaoPbaVI5L you! support We team. @FEMA and Responders First brave our bless God California. in wildfires the by affected all with are hearts Our
https://t.co/NGIjJOc3TP https://t.co/qXyiYiFWCO More: #TaxReform! need Americans job-creators. to harmful &amp; taxpayers American on burden a is code tax current The
O'Care. w/ fortune a made have who co's ins out bailing support never can I but process the of also &amp; person a as Lamar of supportive am I
Sad! proof). have I (and action in died who soldier a of wife the to said I what fabricated totally Congresswoman Democrat
country! great our for disrespect Total Anthem. National our of playing the for stand to players force not will it that decided has NFL The
her! to happened ever that thing best the was He Clinton. Hillary protected totally and leaked and lied Comey James out turned has it As
history. U.S. in Cuts Tax largest the for vote will Republicans Senate all Hopefully Increases. Tax for vote only will Democrats The
Dept? Justice is Where fix? a this-obviously do didn't he that oath under stated Comey herself. Clinton including interviewed not ...people
Many.. complete. was investigation before long Clinton Hillary Crooked exonerating letter drafted Comey James that report confirms FBI Wow
https://t.co/SrPavwrt2R ??https://t.co/rmAzGt8SuG GOD. from GIFT a is FREEDOM Govt. from gift a NOT is FREEDOM was: understood FOUNDERS our truth important most The
https://t.co/HI30nojsGo DREAM! AMERICAN the renew &amp; industry our revive economy our revitalize to opportunity once-in-a-generation our is This @Heritage! you Thank
https://t.co/eKfRktNVuy WOW!
https://t.co/arFNO80zmO underway! prototypes WALL BORDER
working. of chance a had never that "product" a us giving for Democrats the of fault the is premiums ObamaCare in increase Any
writers! Fiction @CNN. and @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews be may worse place Only newspapers. and magazines dying in put being News Fake much So
https://t.co/MPe5HWFcZ1 ??https://t.co/j0roMFT3YL ??https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 today! WH the to Greece of Tsipras Alexis Minister Prime welcome to honor great my was It
https://t.co/dZB4mDBKpi ??https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 Greece. of Tsipras Alexis Minister Prime with 1:30pmE at Garden Rose the from LIVE me Join
https://t.co/wlP0NCNcou Earnings"#Dow23K??https://t.co/wnkrddYlb9 Strong by Fueled Time First the for 23000 Passes "Dow
Congressman! great a and man fine a is Tom czar. drug as consideration from name his withdrawing is he that me informed has Marino Rep.Tom
https://t.co/maO9Nc0sTe Airport! Int'l Greenville-Spartanburg at welcome beautiful the for you Thank Carolina. South of people wonderful the see to great Always
so!" hope "I was answer My 2020? in run to going is Clinton Hillary Crooked if asked recently was I
enthusiasm. business record Also Day! Election since Value Market Stock in dollars trillion 5.2 than more gained has U.S. The
U.S. to back coming are companies &amp; low year 17 a at is unemployment 25% than more up is Market Stock the 8 November on Day Election Since
Chuck! Israel to that Tell it. with OK is he involved am I that now but Obama President by made deal Iran the hated Schumer Senator Dem
at! good are they all That's obstruct. and taxes increase to want only Democrats The
@FoxNews themselves! with live and bill cut/reform tax big the against vote could Democrat a how know doesn't he that said just Laffer Art
Justice! Court Supreme new great our &amp; cancelations EPA recent the at look Also pipelines. Access Dakota &amp; XL Keystone The of ...approvals
fast.... the &amp; Accord Paris The &amp; TPP of me by terminations rapid the mentioned have should Baker Peter by story a in @nytimes Failing The
down! you let never will Gillespie Ed Republican Party. their by abandoned been have Virginia of part Southwest the in Democrats The
benefit! people of Millions HealthCare. for costs lower far and access expanded greatly allow will which Order Executive my of proud Very
windfall! Dems their ended I after yesterday plunged years ObamaCare the during roof the through gone have which stocks Insurance Health
history." American modern in presidency accomplished most the be may what up take "We @LouDobbs. great the from statement wonderful a Such
up! way are deductibles &amp; premiums meantime the in but dismantled being is It many. so for tragedy and grief such causing is ObamaCare
deal! &amp; smart get must fortune.Dems a made have They over. is ObamaCare of guise the under profits Companies Insurance into pouring Money
Iran! with trade on money of lots making are deal the in Participants today. speech Iran my on agreement much with talking people Many
fronts. many on cooperation their for them thank to want I leaders. its and Pakistan with relationship better much a develop to Starting
https://t.co/riqEiBNwk2 #WeeklyAddress????
https://t.co/N4ISdjuEdC weapon. nuclear a acquire never they that ensure to and actions hostile regime’s Iranian the confront to strategy our announced I Today
https://t.co/U8MS9K45fX 2004"??https://t.co/RvxCPAFI2A since level highest to soars confidence "Consumer
https://t.co/YQ3iDlWylK #ValuesVotersSummit God. worship we - government worship don't we America In
https://t.co/qcdB4U8CqA @USNavy!#242NavyBday women and men incredible the to BIRTHDAY HAPPY Commander-in-Chief. your as serve to than privilege greater no have I
them! with be always will I H's. the before were things bad how know spirit unmatched their with Rico Puerto of people wonderful The
crime Sanctuary for hard so fighting are recognizable longer no are they that LEFT far so gone have who Democrats the that believe to Hard
deserves! it HealthCare great the America giving of process the begin now will we piece by Piece mess. broken a is ObamaCare
https://t.co/8B8AyA7V1s out! it figure to beginning just is public the and News Fake are others and they Sadly
fix! to me call should Dems stopped. has companies insurance pet their to payments subsidy Massive imploding. is ObamaCare Democrats The
https://t.co/FEjGjT4xp9 #TaxReform WORKERS! AMERICAN GREAT our protect to and COMMUNITIES OUR rebuild to COUNTRY OUR of care take to time is It
@CNN! even than worse be May beware. Viewers is. @NBCNews (FakeNews) disgusting and dishonest how out find to starting now just are People
https://t.co/QbUG1pztaI #NationalFarmersDay!??https://t.co/dN39R1IMlA Happy
https://t.co/DdI1yWi7YZ AMERICA! in HIRE and AMERICA in GROW AMERICA in STAY to companies encourages that &amp; FAMILIES working to FAIR is that system tax a need We
https://t.co/dDZLsKuNSe ??https://t.co/mz5fdveTVh HEALTHCARE! for COSTS LOWER and choices INCREASE access IMPROVE to action take to come has time The
hatred! Such denigrate! and demean to order in out all going Is News Fake The
forever! P.R. in circumstances) difficult most the (under amazing been have who Responders First the &amp; Military the FEMA keep cannot ...We
spend.... to much how decide to Congress hurricanes. before disaster was infrastructure all and Electric Governor. the say ...accountability
of..... lack total A Attkisson. Sharyl says making." own their of largely looms crisis financial a now Hurricanes the survived Rico "Puerto
day! great a Have now. @foxandfriends on @seanhannity and speech tax from Clips
https://t.co/8JK8aM2a1L #USA???? love. their and courage their goodness their through shown has people our of light the moments darkest the even In
public! to fair Not revoked. appropriate if and challenged be must licenses that fake and distorted partisan so become has news Network
https://t.co/RCfiJus5Rw Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 9pmE at tonight @SeanHannity Joining
https://t.co/u9ZgijgLE3 America???? in HIRE and America in GROW America in STAY to companies encourages that &amp; families working to FAIR is that system tax a need We
Enjoy! 9pmE. at @SeanHannity by @FoxNews on tonight interviewed be will I
https://t.co/1mMjl1HNpl #USA????https://t.co/fDUEMpRTcE #TaxReform Pennsylvania! Harrisburg from 5:45pmE at LIVE me Join
tragedy. Sunday’s last to respond to OT working enforcement law local help to order in - Vegas Las to $1M awarding are we announce to Happy
country! for Bad License? their challenge to appropriate it is point what at Networks the and NBC of out coming News Fake the of all With
CNN! = NBC demean. to up made fiction Pure arsenal. nuclear U.S. our in increase "tenfold" a wanted I that story a up made @NBCNews Fake
COUNTRY OUR Anthem-RESPECT National great our for STAND players all that demanding finally is NFL the of Goodell Roger that time about is It
WALL! the &amp; history in cut tax biggest the want Republicans borders.The producing crime soft &amp; increases tax MASSIVE want Democrats The
cuts tax election.Need the since growth Market Stock unprecedented virtually the report would Media News Fake the if nice really be would It
#MAGA bounds. and leaps by grow will numbers those for asking am I reform) (and cuts tax massive the us gives Congress ...if
and.. years 16 in unemployment Lowest increase. 25% a 8th November on election the since dollars Trillion 5.2 by increased has Market Stock
USA! the for importantly more and me for job FANTASTIC a doing is Chief media.The dishonest the by up made totally is story This ...fired.
be..... soon will he saying by Kelly John General know I people finest the of one hurt to trying time this again it at is News Fake The
https://t.co/rBwGmhMnPX today!https://t.co/qyT4bcHVuR @FLOTUS with WH the at Penguins Pittsburgh Champion #StanleyCup back-to-back 2017 the host to honor great My
with! dealing am I what that's and fool a sound to made Was conversation. his recording by up Corker Bob Liddle' set @nytimes Failing The
book! good Really America's...." from Lessons Donald the of Art "The book with out came just Bedford Christopher author respected Highly
industry! the of talk the is it badly so tanked fact in "tanked" have ratings ESPN wonder no is it mike the at Hill Jemele With
FAST - people many to HealthCare great give to pen the of power the using be will I HealthCare on together act its get can't Congress Since
U.S.A. for safety about care don't bordersthey secure want don't Democrats the that is immigration on policy a to agreeing with problem The
law! tax Change Country? and Flag Anthem our disrespecting time same the at while breaks tax massive getting NFL the is Why
https://t.co/x8pSdEB2Ur begun! just have We
game!" for sit or Anthem for Flag."Stand our disrespect who players BENCH will who Cowboys Dallas the of owner Jones Jerry to salute big A
https://t.co/cbQRst4lN4 #ColumbusDay" as 2017 9 October Proclaims Trump J. Donald "President
country! for disrespect such showed players the after game leaving for praise great receiving is He planned. long was Pence @VP by trip The
work! didn't Policy nothing. getting &amp; dollars of billions giving years 25 for Korea North with dealing unsuccessfully been has country Our
you! Thank @nypost supporters....." Trump by fueled - donations dollar small of amounts record up racking is Party Republican "The
https://t.co/k2jAkIpfjI work! much So appreciation. little so with #PuertoRico for done I’ve what done have could Nobody
done! job the get can that people need we Cuts/Reform Tax need we HealthCare need We it. about that's &amp; Deal Iran the us gave Corker Bob
control! under much Very helping. Military Nate. Hurricane on again) (yet hard working are responders first and FEMA
Karen. @SecondLady and him of proud am I country. our disrespecting kneeled players any if stadium leave to Pence @VP asked I
run! to guts the have Didn't agenda. great our of way the in stand and voice negative a be to Corker expect fully would I ...Hence
Deal! Iran horrendous the for responsible largely also is He THANKS." "NO said I State of Secretary be to wanted also He endorsement). ..my
without... win not could he (said out dropped he and "NO" said I Tennessee. in re-election for him endorse to me "begged" Corker Bob Senator
#USA??????https://t.co/4iGwdL4kia #LasVegasStrong
fronts! many on made being progress Big Carolina. North of State Great the for House White the Leaving
https://t.co/iqUM1RfQso support! your for Thanks
work! will thing one only but Sorry negotiators. U.S. of fools makings dry was ink the before violated agreements worked ...hasn't
paid...... money of amounts massive and made agreements years 25 for Korea North to talking been have administrations their and Presidents
https://t.co/Y5hGPpYZfl Enjoy! @TBN. on 8pmE at tonight @GovMikeHuckabee joining be Will
safe! be &amp; authorities local your to listen please FL and AL MS LA in Everyone #HurricaneNate. for prepared is @FEMA at team great Our
#1 Not matters! that all really is which it get PEOPLE the that is news good The reporting. their with inaccurate knowingly so is .@NBCNews
knows! Who premiums. big broken badly is ObamaCare Bill. HealthCare great a do to want Dems the if see to yesterday Schumer Chuck called I
coverage? one-sided the at look you when T.V. on Time Equal given be should me) (and Republicans that suggesting are people more and More
Time? Equal get we Should anti-Trump! always material repetitive &amp; "unfunny" very their for Democrats the with dealing are host Night Late
them! for hard working am I donors. small wonderful my by it of much and Dems the than $'s more far in taking is RNC The ...contributions.
campaign.... through voters "Trump" of enthusiasm the discusses It @washingtonpost. the in story good a got finally I believe Can't
Gillespie! Ed Vote cities. sanctuary &amp; gangs killer MS-13 violent the for fighting Virginiais of Governor for running is Northamwho Ralph
me. from verification No standards. reporting and news Low @NBCNews. by out put News Fake is This resign. to threatened never Tillerson Rex
decades! in level highest at enthusiasm manufacturing and Business years! 16 in lowest Unemployment high! ALL-TIME an hits Market Stock
up-FAKE! made just is news our of much so why see to country OUR in Networks News Fake the into looking Committee Intel Senate the Isn't Why
https://t.co/YMuqSvvTSB you! Thank
forget! never will I who themselves victims the to doctors to police from people with meet and yesterday Vegas Las in be to wonderful So
https://t.co/ZxuMYWnNHv night. Sunday on Vegas Las in lives countless saved who (HEROES) Responders First the of all to YOU THANK NATION GRATEFUL a of behalf On
https://t.co/nxRWeR1gEz VEGAS! LAS YOU LOVE WE
prayers. and thoughts our in remains Everyone Melania. @FLOTUS with respects my pay to shortly Vegas Las in landing be will I
AMERICA! to apology an issue should They #FakeNews. is It Pence. @VP and Tillerson Sec. by refuted totally been just has story @NBCNews The
down! way are ratings news their wonder No reporting. good to disgrace a are They CNN. even than dishonest more and #FakeNews is news NBC
control! of out is Media News Fake The truth. speak or write not will they say or do I what matter No today. stories News Fake many so Wow
friendship. and warmth great showed most Fake is coverage news the of some While yesterday. Rico Puerto in day great A
https://t.co/1aL9YrwTvC #PRStrong???? made! being progress Great team. his &amp; @RicardoRossello Governor with clock the around work to continue will Administration My
killing! more even from him stop and shooter demented the find to able were Police Metropolitan Vegas Las the fast how "miracle" a is It
https://t.co/kWVMqVelri you! Thank Responders! First and Military @FEMA of proud So
https://t.co/AtBGEpDF9C Responders. First and @FEMA by done job great the for thankful very is He #USVI. the of Mapp Governor with meeting Great
https://t.co/dBvZUIUfr0 prayers. and thoughts my in is Everyone respects. my pay to tomorrow early Vegas Las in be Will D.C. for now Rico Puerto Leaving
America! bless God Country. great our of proud so am I
you! bless God shooting. Vegas Las terrible the of families and victims the to sympathies and condolences warmest My
https://t.co/fZeP1e9mo7 victory! @PresidentsCup great your #TeamUSA??????on to Congratulations
fail. won't I failed. Obama and failed Bush failed Clinton now? work it would why years 25 in worked hasn't Man Rocket to nice Being
done! be to has what do we'll Rex energy your ...Save
Man... Rocket Little with negotiate to trying time his wasting is he that State of Secretary wonderful our Tillerson Rex told I
job! Fantastic Responders. First our with closely so working are who those of all to and P.R. of Governor the to you Thank safety. ...for
inspected..... now buildings All Military. great our and FEMA by done been has that work amazing the recognize to starting now are ...people
ingrates... motivated politically or News Fake the of Outside Rico. Puerto in situation impossible almost the with job great a done have We
https://t.co/czutyGaMQV #StandForOurAnthem???? Anthem! National our RESPECTING 19000
endorsement! after points MANY up went endorsed I candidate the that mention to fails always NEWS raceFAKE Primary Alabama the analyzing In
Election! after points MANY up went endorsed I candidate the that mention to fails always News Fake race Primary Alabama the analyzing In
https://t.co/1ltW2t3rwy JOB! GREAT a doing ALL are they here seen As job. great a doing for deserve they credit the getting not are people my #FakeNews of Because
Country! our and Flag our Respect Anthem. National our of playing the for always and tomorrow STAND players NFL that important Very
need. great of time their in people the support &amp; assist to possible everything doing continue we ensure further to Tues. on PR in be will I
PR! of people great help to can we everything Doing Mayor. Juan San by complaints than louder much speak will efforts recovery of Results
disaster. terrible this of wake the in elsewhere and Rico Puerto in suffering everyone to assistance offering in united be all must We
#PRStrong???? matter! truly that people the from marks great getting we're but overtime working are critics ......#FakeNews @ricardorossello
way... every in Rico Puerto of people the help to together working are others many and @RicardoRossello Governor Administration My
#FakeNews!#PRStrong???? the believe not Rico:Do Puerto of people the To
you! Thank people. the of representative great a and with deal to wonderful been has Rico Puerto of Gonzalez-Colon Jennifer Congresswoman
Governor! you Thank job! GREAT a doing are Military and #FEMA that stated who Islands Virgin U.S. the of Mapp Kenneth Governor to spoke Just
Ricky! you Thank hard. working really is who leader and guy great a is Rossello Ricardo Rico Puerto of Governor The
people! Great Rico. Puerto in done being is job amazing an Dems the with conjunction in Media News Fake the Despite
Shame! R's. first and soldiers our from away spirit the take to best their doing Rico Puerto in overtime working are Networks News Fake The
hard). working (people Islands Virgin U.S. the at stop to able be hopefully Will Melania. with Tuesday on Rico Puerto to going be will I
effort! or FR to fair Not Trump." "get to way a as Responders First great our disparage to way their of out going are NBC and CNN News Fake
destroyed. totally was Rico Puerto job. amazing an done have etc. phones roads electric no despite responders first and military The
job. fantastic a doing Island on now workers Federal 10000 effort. community a be should it when them for done be to everything ...want
They.... help. to workers their get to able not are who Rico Puerto in others and Juan San of Mayor the by ability leadership poor ...Such
Trump. to nasty be must you that Democrats the by told been now has ago days few a only complimentary very was who Juan San of Mayor The
https://t.co/XFqxbMBEbP #LESM 24/7/365! do you all for officers enforcement law all and Department Police Metropolitan Indianapolis amazing the to YOU THANK @POTUS @IMPDnews
https://t.co/NnM2jOkEs0 #WeeklyAddress????https://t.co/QeeKnFuHue my for me Join
https://t.co/0LuZCZl29D year. Jewish the of day holiest the Kippur Yom observing those all with are thoughts My
https://t.co/4sgMWGotOF #TaxReform 2017. in optimism economic record-high report Manufacturers news! Great today. you with be to honor An @ShopFloorNAM. you Thank
https://t.co/9s1ggeIJJ5 future. the of jobs the with classrooms nation’s our in taught skills the aligning of goal the reaching to closer step one came we week This
500! P &amp; S FOR HIGH RECORD
Tuesday! you See Rico. Puerto oddsin terrible hardagainst so working are who Responders First all &amp; Military great our FEMA to you Thank
rebuilding! its of cost the to as made be to have will decisions Big hurricanes. two by destroyed been has Rico Puerto that is fact ...The
delivered...... they've spoken we've time every President the and Administration "The stated: just Rossello Ricardo Governor Rico Puerto
begun! just have We happened. that before years be would it thought people Many quarter. last for 3.1 to upward revised was GDP
job!" "great said Governor amazing. are Responders First and FEMA gone. roads many grid electric system Phone devastated. is Rico Puerto
fairly! treat would press Wish Tuesday. there be will I and site on now is Military homes. their lost have many but help to hard ...really
trying.... Locals dead. grid electric &amp; Docks delivered. water &amp; food Massive Rico. Puerto in job GREAT a doing are Responders First &amp; FEMA
https://t.co/CoRed8rfL2 @SteveScalise!#TeamScalise back Welcome
site. on water and Food Island. on now are generators of numbers Large shot. totally is Rico Puerto in grid power electric The
Bill. Reform and Cut Tax for reviews Great elections? win that does how - cuts tax massive want don't Democrats
https://t.co/LsZvHg3got #USA???? #TaxReform WORKERS! AMERICAN GREAT OUR for fight to and NATION OUR rebuild to people OUR of care take to time is It
https://t.co/rtLWANJjIQ #TaxReform family. American one &amp; people one team one as – TOGETHER grow &amp; succeed ALL will We TIME. RIGHT the @ CUT TAX right the is This
https://t.co/Dy9UwhkWHL AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together #TaxReform! on announcement an make to Indiana Indianapolis in arrived Just
roaring economy months-and 9 first the in accomplished have we what accomplished has President no Virtually Pro-Trump! were people the ..But
Collusion? anti-Trump. were @WaPo &amp; @nytimes(apologized) News henceFake anti-Trump always were Networks anti-Trump.The always was Facebook
Rule! Filibuster of rid Get 60. need we which after Friday of deadline reconciliation the for not but Healthcare for votes the have will We
Friday! for not but Vote HCare the have we out) is (McCain others two and Alaska from signs positive very &amp; hospital in vote Yes one With
Country! for stand will Players done. things get to how knows who winner a is Jerry yesterday. Cowboys Dallas the of Jones Jerry to Spoke
#MAGA! to help will He race. fantastic a ran who guy great really a like Sounds time. first the for night last Alabama of Moore Roy to Spoke
Dec! in WIN Roy race. good a ran &amp; back way started Strange Luther Alabama. in win Primary Republican his on Moore Roy to Congratulations
Nov! in WIN Roy race. good a ran &amp; back way started Strange Luther Alabama. in win Primary Republican his on Moore Roy to Congratulations
https://t.co/zkenuAP9RS ???????? Anthem! National our for RESPECT showed time all of athletes and runners greatest the of one Jamaica from Bolt Usain Even
Staff! NSC Thanks now! &amp; Presidents-then advising of history Great time. first the for met Council Security National the today ago years 70
https://t.co/s7KhlSMEqY #USA???? work! GREAT the up Keep families. their and @USUN team wonderful our to you Thank
https://t.co/43U4T34JgF regime. #NoKo brutal the isolate to efforts our in us w/ standing for you Thank Spain. of @MarianoraJoy President welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/5mT0QXFlnL ???????? month. last Spain in attack terror vile the by affected those all to prayers our extend and support our express to want I
https://t.co/NcmsF4Fqpr TOGETHER! this through get will we and - this through get will We #USVI. the &amp; #PuertoRico of people the with are prayers &amp; hearts America's
#USA???? representatives! great her of all and @NikkiHaley Ambassador with meet to @UN the to over Heading
https://t.co/nWnX9CDP0d #USA???? today! House White the to Committee Means and Ways House the of members Democrat and Republican welcome to Honored
#MAGA down! you let never will he that me to proven has he - Strange Luther for vote and out get ALABAMA
Anthem! National our during kneel can't you that rule a set to is them for out way only The regulations. and rules of sorts all has NFL The
way there/on water and food Much hard. working are etc.We FEMA on words kind your for Juan San of Mayor the Cruz Yulin Carmen to you Thank
Korea. North by belief beyond tortured was Otto 2017. - 1994 Warmbier: Otto of parents the with @foxandfriends on interview Great
Luther." "Big for today vote - job the Finish endorsement. my since polls Alabama the in up shooting been has Strange Luther
country! our love all made-we being progress Big Anthem. National our for up stood all they team a as knees its to dropped Dallas while But
country! our love we - made being progress Big Anthem. National our for up stood ALL they team a as knees it to dropped Dallas while ...But
anger Great heard. ever have I loudest was knees its to dropped team Dallas entire the when night last game football NFL the at booing The
disrespected! be will country our not or whether see to in tune people when starts game before except down way are football NFL for Ratings
down! you let never will - border &amp; crime on tough Strange Luther Senator for Vote Alabama. of State Great the in tomorrow election Big
https://t.co/t9cXG2Io86 talk! of years from turn changed-complete he has my oh My O'Care. Replacing &amp; Repealing about talking McCain John of clips many the of few A
#FEMA well. doing and - priorities top are medical and water Food with. dealt be must sadly which banks the and Street Wall to ...owed
dollars.... of billions with destroyed was Island the of Much devastated. was shape terrible in was which grid electrical old ...It's
trouble.. deep in is debt massive &amp; infrastructure broken from suffering already was which Rico Puerto but great doing are Florida &amp; Texas
Country.#StandForOurAnthem???? our of disrespect for players its and NFL the against backlash Tremendous
COUNTRY! GREAT or FLAG our disrespecting be not should they that fact the and players NFL on stance my w/ agrees totally Kelly John General
lie! Total COUNTRY. ANTHEM FLAG disrespecting players NFL on stance my to opposed was Kelly) (John COS reported Just #FakeNews. is .@CNN
#StandForOurAnthem
reform. &amp; cuts tax Big today. place taking meetings Important night. last returning did it than beautiful more looked never House White The
this! respect must NFL Anthem. National and Flag Country our for respect about is It race. with do to nothing has kneeling of issue The
Flag! our for respect demand who fans are These total). of percentage small a was (which yesterday kneeled who players the booed people Many
clear! and loud it said they - Flag our or Country our disrespecting with up put won't They fans. and supporters its and NASCAR of proud So
vet.https://t.co/KJ886okyfC safely cannot we country our into those admit not will We priority. one number my is Safe America Making
policy! change should NFL Country. their or Anthem National their for proud stand not do that players condone never should fans Sports
there. not Senators some and Replace &amp; Repeal of years 7 proposal. Healthcare the in winners big are Kentucky and Maine Arizona Alaska
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE it! respect and honor MUST we --- Flag American great our for died and fought have Patriots Courageous
team! Great Ceremony. for House White the at me joining be will NHL the of Penguins Pittsburgh Champion the that inform to Please
ratings! Bad acceptable. not is kneeling good is arms locked with Standing Country. our for and Anthem National our for solidarity Great
U.S. back should League country. our love they because away stay many but yes games Boring DOWN. WAY are ratings and attendance ...NFL
suspend! or Fire fast. place take change see will you Country &amp; Flag our disrespecting stop players until games to go to refuse fans NFL If
longer! much around be won't they Man Rocket Little of thoughts echoes he If U.N. at speak Korea North of Minister Foreign heard Just
stand! to them country.Tell our to show players certain disrespect total the justify to trying statement a out put just NFL of Goodell Roger
increase! 116% deceived. were who Arizona of people the to that Tell courage." of "moment a had McCain that saying laughingly are Democrats
have! we agreement an of much Korea.Not North with working also are Israel.They reaching of capable Missile Ballistic a test-fired just Iran
https://t.co/yFv0WIjgby country! our for representative great truly a is She (@FLOTUS.) Lady First incredible our of proud Very
do! to else something Find FIRED. YOU'RE not If Anthem. National the for stand should and Country) (or Flag American Great ...our
disrespect.... to allowed be not should she or he leagues other NFLor the in dollars of millions making of privilege the wants player a If
withdrawn! is invitation hesitatingtherefore is Curry team.Stephen championship a for honor great a considered is House White the to Going
Tuesday. on Luther Vote crowd! a what people great What Alabama. in night last Strange Luther with being great was It
through. comes M Lisa angry! people high Deductibles country. the in worst ObamaCare under premiums in increase plus 200% a had Alaska
Party! the of good the for there get to way a find may he think I and Paul Rand know I
down! L.G. friend best his let McCain Arizona. for Great management. &amp; control Better do. to thing good a is States to Grants Block Large
Sad goods. of bill a McCain John sold Schumer Chuck high. very deductibles with year last premiums ObamaCare in increase 116% a had Arizona
down! Arizona Let Replace. &amp; Repeal on campaigned He loves. Governor his which Bill this for voting of intention any had never McCain John
crowd! big now Alabama to Heading
job! Fantastic flights. Hurricane with U.S. the to given have you help the of all for Airlines American and Parker Doug to you Thank
https://t.co/miT2Lj7Q90 #USAatUNGA????#UNGA
I! do so and Alabama loves He close. very be will but endorsement my since mightily gained has Strange Luther tonight. Alabama in be Will
candidate! bad a was she Next Clinton. Hillary Crooked for "screaming" Media News Fake the was election our over influence greatest The
Hillary? Crooked of favor in coverage Media dishonest and biased totally the about What Facebook. on ads it's now continues hoax Russia The
https://t.co/hlz48RLkIf you! Thank
before! never like tested be will people his killing or starving mind doesn't who madman a obviously is who Korea North of Un Jong Kim
ObamaCare." saved who Republican "the as known be campaigns) political (future forever will Bill Hcare against votes whoever or Paul Rand
Nations! United the at U.S. the for day big A
D.C. in great be will He runoff. close a Now ago. month a him endorsed I since polls the in lot a up gone has Strange Luther Senator
https://t.co/igjOSM7N7h #NoKo. of denuclearization complete the ensure to part our do all must We Korea. North to re: with Order Executive new a announced I Today
https://t.co/7xYDO5ddUm ????????#UNGA tuned! Korea.Stay South of Moon President with meet to privilege great a was It
https://t.co/GpkERy8WiP #UNGA??https://t.co/UKOMUj0ZuL today. City York New in us with Ukraine of Poroshenko Petro President have to wonderful was It
https://t.co/HOEVfnMn14 #UNGA #USAatUNGA morning! this us with Afghanistan of Ghani Ashraf President have to pleasure a was It
#PRStrong safe! Stay Rico. Puerto of people the and you with are We @RicardoRossello- Governor
people! help to wants lie-just doesn't he Health(care) their and people about cares really who act class a is Cassidy Bill (Doctor) Senator
down! you let won't He Luther. Big for vote should owners gun all means Alabama.That of Senator for Strange Luther endorses strongly NRA The
Replace. &amp; Repeal Bill. great A does! It conditions. pre-existing of coverage include not did it if Graham-Cassidy sign not would I
Tuesday! Military. &amp; Vets loves trade &amp; borders crime on tough Smart Strange. Luther "Big" like candidate a have to lucky sooo is Alabama
https://t.co/iYG1G8GaLN https://t.co/m4VWxYvONx Year. New the in blessings many families Jewish wish to want I Americans all of behalf On
https://t.co/AbnBJtKCAI today. nations our facing opportunities &amp; challenges the on discussions Great afternoon. this leaders African for luncheon a host to Honored
https://t.co/4E8awDkX93 peace. toward involved w/everybody hard working been have who delegation his &amp; Authority Palestinian the from Abbas Pres w/ meet to Honored
https://t.co/6tYDHswKa3 meeting!???????? bilateral GREAT a had We morning. this delegation his and Jordan of II Abdullah King with be to honor great a was It
me! to helpful &amp; loyal so was he because Strange Luther "Big" supporting am I Alabama. of State Great the in night Friday to forward Looking
States! to direct Money ObamaCare. Replace &amp; Repeal to promise their fulfill and Graham-Cassidy for vote will Senators Republican hope I
Ocare! Ends GREAT! is Bill Graham-Cassidy healthcare. fixing to comes it when force negative a such is he but mine of friend a is Paul Rand
show! great - @foxandfriends you Thank
https://t.co/2NL6SlWnmH thanks! noticing is world The
criticizes. now Hillary Crooked also) C (Bill State of Secretary while Nukes build and research to Korea North allowing After
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will First America leaders. interesting many So Nations. United the at today meetings Big
https://t.co/Wjjrv6KTVT Jacob! you Thank
"DEPLORABLES." the are all them of people Smartest ever. worst the - night last Emmys the on were ratings the bad how see to saddened was I
https://t.co/Cg4dzHhbrv you! thank nice So
speech! my in stated I what of all) (or much with agree who nations many of leaders with Nations.Met United the at day important and great A
help! to there be will you- with are hearts our careful Be Hurricane. monster new by hard hit being Rico Puerto
@UN...??https://t.co/tx5SnACAaS the for question true The
https://t.co/6Hu3AeUp58 Nations.#USAatUNGA????#UNGAhttps://t.co/1maJwRGa3d United the at world the of countries the before spoken have to honor great a was It
you. for there be will and you with are We City. Mexico of people the bless God
https://t.co/XrtpAWwuCn https://t.co/ksaMsQ2Lhm remarks: #AmericaFirst????#UNGAFull put ALWAYS will I America of States United the of President As
https://t.co/P4vAanXvgm #NoKo. destroy totally to but choice no have will we allies its or itself defend to forced is it if but patience &amp; strength great The????has
A.M. 10:00 at speech Big team. great a have We happening. ones tricky some and things good many - Nations United the at day Big
https://t.co/MjIJ7HG3eU #UNGA #USAatUNGA????
https://t.co/bMJDOtAesl soon! very very happen to it want we and Venezuela in freedoms political and democracy of restoration full the for call We
https://t.co/HnxDDU5d5F #UNGA meeting! bilateral Great delegation. his with afternoon this France of @EmmanuelMacron President with be to honor great a was It
https://t.co/jwU4e8Yk8A https://t.co/YEHWjdtQx8 #UNGA afternoon. this NYC in delegation his w/ us join @Netanyahu PM Israel friend good my have to honor an Such
people! ALL for legacy great truly a be would East Middle the in Peace shortly. @Netanyahu Minister Prime with meeting to forward Looking
https://t.co/UQn6RrC9Xw https://t.co/KVvCMznmcN #UNGA #USAatUNGA bureaucracy. on less &amp; people on more focus to UN the for call his &amp; @AntonioGuterres SG commend We
https://t.co/CU3gOZMf7J @CIA! Birthday 70th Happy
https://t.co/snkXO40vXM @USAirForce! Birthday 70th Happy
#MAGA it. know enemies our and day the by stronger getting are economy and Military today. for scheduled calls and meetings Important
https://t.co/x25T9tQAnI honor! great My
https://t.co/vs4MNwXtei you! Thank
bad! Too Korea. North in forming lines gas Long doing. is Man Rocket how him Asked night. last Korea South of Moon President with spoke I
help will Bill and jobs your back bringing am I Michigan. of State great the for Governor fantastic a be will Schuette Bill General Attorney
done! things gets who guy great a is Luther" "Big Senate. for Strange Luther support to night Saturday on Alabama Huntsville in be will I
help! will Bill and jobs your back bringing am I Michigan. of State great the for Governor fantastic a be will Shuette Bill General Attorney
better! even getting be will believe I and highs time all at Market Stock and Jobs country. our for happening things good of deal great A
https://t.co/DYxkh3gj0R FREE! and STRONG PROUD America keeping for you Thank grateful. eternally are people American The @USAirForce! the to BIRTHDAY 70th HAPPY
https://t.co/sIiAuxL3OE https://t.co/SYBRshx89b life...cont: of way our threaten to dare who all from civilization our and nations our people our defend will We
https://t.co/Q2hTBV2l5t attack.... terrorist vicious a suffered who London of people the to out go prayers &amp; hearts Our
https://t.co/yZTr7rlpTV https://t.co/4xBZGjAGj5 country.Proclamation: their serving while action in missing gone have who or prisoner held HEROES our forget NEVER
https://t.co/135DxuapUI A+! an you gives @NatlParkService morning! this job GREAT a doing for YOU THANK myself &amp; Melania @FLOTUS of behalf Giaccio-On “FX” Frank
https://t.co/MsaLA9POAt ADDRESS???? WEEKLY
Immigration! on legislation any of part be to allowed be cannot MIGRATION CHAIN
untruth! for Apologize numbers. RECORD in it dumping are People programming). bad (and politics its for price big really a paying is ESPN
nasty! &amp; proactive be years.Must 8 in made has Administration Obama the than ISIS against months nine last the in progress more made have We
correct! politically be not would that stupidly specific-but more and tougher larger far be should States United the into ban travel The
better! use &amp; off cut must we which tool recruitment main their is internet manner.The tougher much a in with dealt be must terrorists Loser
proactive! be Must Yard. Scotland of sights the in were who people demented and sick are terrorist.These loser a by London in attack Another
NOW! END votes get Can't 51. than rather legislation pass to votes 60 need Republicans Senate the in Rule Filibuster ridiculous the With
https://t.co/phRMudujxJ REBUILD! &amp; RECOVER RESTORE to AFTER DAY SINGLE EVERY w/you be will we &amp; tomorrow w/you are we today w/you are WE TX like FLORIDA-Just
https://t.co/2Jj85weO1U 1-800-FL-HELP-1https://t.co/ghkbVajBN0 1-800-342-3557https://t.co/zbWkR5VmDpVolunteer Information FLORIDA!Emergency YOU WITH ARE WE
people. its &amp; country our love I because veto will I worry don't But happen. would this or fast healthcare approve to Republicans told ...I
people... its &amp; U.S. the on curse a - plan healthcare payer single a for hard pushing is Sanders Bernie
site. at reception phone cell his of b/c days 3 for reach to Unable earthquake. terrible on condolences give to Mexico of President to Spoke
ever! than better be will but horrific Damage unbelievable. is STATE GREAT THAT in spirit and people The D.C. for Florida left Just
do! to work much disaster real A etc. FEMA Guard Coast U.S. the thank to and responders first GREAT our see to Florida for now leaving Am
security border BIG Plus age. young at parents by in brought - own their of fault no through years many for country our in been have ...They
Really!..... military? the in serving some jobs have who people young accomplished and educated good out throw to want really anybody Does
built. be to continue will walls and fences existing and old of renovation new of form the in construction under already is which WALL The
vote. to subject be Would consent. for exchange in to agreed be to have would security border Massive DACA. on night last made was deal No
game! no had end the in but money big spent She clear. and loud feelings their expressed Hillary.They haunt to back came "deplorables" The
direction! her lost and debates the lost She loss. election her for herself but thing) every (and everybody blames Clinton Hillary Crooked
wages! and Jobs economy. our with win to order in them match to possible everything do should We 15%. of rate tax business a has China
go! Congress Go before. ever than more needed is Reform Tax and Cuts Tax devastation Harvey and Irma With
others. &amp; responders first brave the of many and FEMA Guard Coast great our with meet to tomorrow Florida to traveling be will I
Congress! fast Move begin. soon will country our of history the in package Reform Tax &amp; Cut Tax biggest the for process approval The
https://t.co/3pWrBOh8dG today! @WhiteHouse the to delegation distinguished his and Malaysia of Razak Abdul Najib Minister Prime welcome to honor great a was It
https://t.co/Aw0AV82XdE morning! this Trump "Luke" Eric son their of birth the on Lara &amp; Eric to Congratulations
hard! working people amazing but - thought anyone locationsthan certain in least at greater far was Irma Hurricane by left devastation The
NEWS! #FAKE access. zero have &amp; me about nothing know they yet and me about articles major and books writing people watch to Fascinating
https://t.co/erycJgj23r #NeverForget911 America. of States United the Bless Forever God May
https://t.co/rmQ1a5bDon #NeverForget
everyone! bless God Irma. comes Here ready. are people brave State and Federal all and FEMA Guard Coast U.S. The
https://t.co/92W8ViNMUK Scott Gov. left." hours many not shelter...there's a to get to need you zone evacuation an in you're @FLGovScott!"If of advice the Heed
https://t.co/nJfM2Sdme1 officials. government from instructions ALL heed to path storm’s the in everyone ask I and power destructive enormous of storm a is This
https://t.co/ncnuqCeB5K https://t.co/BUMVlxGFe8 list: Twitter Helpful routes. evacuation &amp; closures road shelters find to https://t.co/pdBaD9t8SK Visit FLORIDA-
others). like (just Harvey Hurricane of victims helping for Funds Relief FEMA from reimbursement to entitled be should Texas in Churches
https://t.co/HCQ9kmKc4E Americans????#IrmaHurricane2017??https://t.co/jyg6AlyAAb??https://t.co/iPujtHzejr fellow my to message A
Hurry! ever. than more now Needed September. of end the until wait Don't ASAP. legislation Cut Reform/Tax Tax the start must Republicans
Wish! Death Repub a is It votes. 51) (vs. 60 get rarely will - control Dems 8 legislation. great even pass to Republicans the allow ...never
will.... Rule Filibuster Senate the worse Even happen! didn't years 7 for Replace &amp; Repeal about hearing been I've but sorry Republicans
Guard! Coast our love We tougher. even be could Irma Harvey. with week last lives 15000 than more saved Guard Coast U.S. incredible Our
ready! is G Federal possible. wayif its of out get and safe Be seen. ever have we than bigger perhaps proportion epic of is Irma Hurricane
#OneAmericaAppeal. for Presidents with stand to proud I’m water. the high or winds the strong how matter no challenge ANY confront will We
https://t.co/AQmawTpZs0 officials! state &amp; local of orders and advice the heed to #HurricaneIrma of path the in EVERYONE encourage I
https://t.co/8oeAQfIeX8 enemies.. shared our confront to need the about nations Muslim &amp; Arab 50 than more of leaders the to spoke I Arabia Saudi to trip my During
https://t.co/aL6In83eWK PEACE! and PROSPERITY of BLESSINGS the for MATCH NO are extremism and destruction of forces the that world the show will we Together
https://t.co/lfRa4AATaM https://t.co/8T4Nyzlp4Y soon: up coming conference press Joint Kuwait! of al-Sabah al-Jaber al-Ahmed Sabah Amir @WhiteHouse the to Welcome
action! No - about worry to nothing have you period month 6 the during status your about concerned are that (DACA) those of all For
https://t.co/StrciEwuWs honor! great our you Thank
#FEMA safe! be careful Be help. to ready and place in already people brave and talented of teams great have we but raging is Irma Hurricane
https://t.co/sglubjcbW4 #USA???? towns! &amp; cities AMERICAN our rebuild help to &amp; workers AMERICAN for wages raise to AMERICA in grow &amp; hire to companies our want We
https://t.co/9NzLg2Qzpo pro-growth.. is that reform tax need we then DOMINANCE economic our re-establish &amp; OPPORTUNITY restore PROSPERITY our renew to want we If
https://t.co/8nIvtHvpu6 @SenatorHeitkamp. &amp; @RepKevinCramer @SenJohnHoeven @BrentSanfordND Gov. Lt. @DougBurgum Gov. ND Mandan in me joining for you Thank
https://t.co/fV9R9gJxDS ??https://t.co/uxBpyeERUm remarks: Full Refinery. Andeavor the @ women &amp; men hardworking incredible the with Dakota North in be to Wonderful
https://t.co/k92cslgKFa ALL! YOU W/ ARE WE Rico. Puerto of Rosselló Ricardo &amp; Islands Virgin U.S. the of Mapp Kenneth Florida of Scott Rick Governors w/ spoke Just
https://t.co/qoJOM54Gy8 Declarations'??https://t.co/xSHSyNkvuP??https://t.co/UbBSFOhMM7??https://t.co/xWOfp9Z9iR Emergency Approves Trump J. Donald 'President
Atlantic! the in recorded ever largest like looks Hurricane
weary! the for rest No Florida. in already is Texas in job good a such doing is and done has which team My closely. Hurricane Watching
change. will that - world the in nation taxed highest the are We cuts. tax and reform tax discuss to today Dakota North to going be Will
issue! this revisit will I can't they If do). to unable was Administration Obama the (something DACA legalize to months 6 has now Congress
1st. country our of citizens hardworking puts that way a in reform immigration address to Congress in R's + D's w/ working to forward look I
States. United the from equipment military sophisticated highly of amount increased substantially a buy to Korea South &amp; Japan allowing am I
DACA! - job your do to ready get Congress
up! coming week Big
https://t.co/lyvtNfQ5IO #LaborDay! Happy steel. and aluminum iron American labor American hands American with future our building are We
Korea. North with business doing country any with trade all stopping options other to addition in considering is States United The
you. Thank Korea. North discuss to House White the at leaders military other and Mattis General Kelly General meeting be will I
thing! one understand only they work not will Korea North with appeasement of talk their that them told have I as finding is Korea South
success. little with but help to trying is which China to embarrassment and threat great a become has which nation rogue a is Korea ..North
States..... United the to dangerous and hostile very be to continue actions and words Their Test. Nuclear major a conducted has Korea North
https://t.co/7PEtSL6RKF #CajunNavy! the &amp; #LEOs @NationalGuard w/ time spend to honor An lives. many saved who HEREOS our of all to you Thank LA! in SPIRIT much So
Proclamation)! Presidential (by Day Prayer National is Sunday Remember
coordination! &amp; cooperation Such well. going are things where Louisiana and Texas of States Great the from House White the to back got Just
better! much do can we and - 2011 early since level highest the 59% to rose Index Manufacturing The
https://t.co/1rzmEenQIb USA???? THE BLESS GOD &amp; TEXAS BLESS you!GOD love We Texas. of state GREAT the in prevail will we Together
https://t.co/p1Fh8jmmFA REBUILD! and recover restore to AFTER DAY SINGLE EVERY you with be will we and tomorrow you with are we today you with are We TEXAS:
https://t.co/z3bHVdJVPr you! with is America soon. you see will We @JBA_NAFW. now right Melania @FLOTUS with Louisiana and Texas for Departing
https://t.co/DLgFNiCxN2 @SalvationArmyUS &amp; @RedCross @SendRelief #SouthernBaptist WORK! GREAT &amp; update today's for YOU THANK myself &amp; Melania @FLOTUS of behalf On
House. White at working weekend Spending made! being progress Great Lady. First with tomorrow Louisiana and Texas to going be will I
row! a in months 5 up Market Stock
https://t.co/MpLB7WpxfT https://t.co/shen5JxChQ #PrayForTexas #HurricaneHarvey Prayer' of Day National a as 2017 3 September Proclaims Trump J. Donald 'President
tomorrow! back be Will do. to much so still But hard. so working been have who women &amp; men great the of all to thanks fast healing is Texas
FIRST! AMERICA weeks. and days coming the over made be to decisions big Many clip. record a at done things ...get
to.. continues Administration this and - impressed more or happier be not could I Staff. of Chief as job great a doing is Kelly John General
system! rigged A more. much so over...and was investigation the before long Clinton Hillary exonerated Comey James like looks Wow
tomorrow! back be Will do. to much so still But hard. so working been have who women &amp; men great the of all to thanks fast heeling is Texas
https://t.co/8N4ABo9Ihp #TexasStrong you! with is America Texas. in HEROES incredible the of all to YOU THANK
https://t.co/I0gvCQLTKO America! of best very the represent they – lives countless saved has devotion &amp; courage Their work. heroic doing been have responders First
https://t.co/YQb82K2VSB REBUILD! &amp; recover restore to AFTER DAY SINGLE EVERY you w/ be will we &amp; tomorrow you w/ are we today you w/ are We Louisiana: &amp; Texas
needed! badly so - reform tax and cuts tax on speech a for soon Missouri for leaving be Will
#MAGA! is do to want I All WHY? wonder me makes it magazines dying some in anger ferocious even and reporting false the reading After
Texas! of people great the to so more even out goes heart Harveymy Hurricane by caused devastation &amp; horror the hand first witnessing After
answer! the not is Talking years. 25 for money extortion them paying and Korea North to talking been has U.S. The
@IngrahamAngle government. of size reduce - them of many need Don't positions. those of all fill to looking not are We .@foxandfriends
Texas! for now Leaving
incredible.Thanks! is people the of Spirit coming. rain more and unprecedented are Floods Texas. over all and Houston in rainfall HISTORIC
underway! operations rescue Major
this! like one seen never they've said have experts Even #Harvey. on A.M. 11:00 at (tele-conference) Meeting Cabinet a to Going
terminate? to have difficultmay very being Canada.Both &amp; Mexico with process renegotiation made) ever deal trade (worst NAFTA the in are We
reimbursement/other. through it for pay will Mexico WALL. THE have must we world the in Nations crime highest the of one being Mexico With
well! going and going effort out all an have We flood! year 500 in once a #Harvey calling are experts Now - Wow
S! win will Republican cuts. tax big to opposed is C.M. Dem '16. in lot a by won I that Missouri state wonderful a to going be also will I
safety. and life be must focus The disruption. causing without made be can trip that as soon as Texas to going be will I
ground. the on talent great have we that is news Good seen. ever have they storm/hurricane worst the is this that saying now are people Many
rescued. Thousands with. dealt being are floods flash and rains Continuing government. of levels all at agencies between coordination Great
https://t.co/3jbDDN8YmJ recommended! highly guy great a by book great A
rainfall. setting Record TEAMWORK! - Texas of State Great the in Governments Local and State Federal between coordination Wonderful
https://t.co/Ds95oSgo8f Texas! in relief #HurricaneHarvey with out helping volunteers great the of all to YOU THANK
together! great working Govs. Federal and State City chance. to nothing leaving are We David. Camp from #HurricaneHarvey monitoring Closely
good! so far So #Harvey. before long there got ground the on people fantastic have We clear. and loud message your got - .@ChuckGrassley
https://t.co/PJLdxy3hD9 safe. Be watching! is world the - job great a doing are You
https://t.co/PryIqRxgLr @DHSgov @FEMA @GovAbbott you! w/ is America landfall. makes #HurricaneHarvey as communication of lines open w/ engaged fully remain will We
safe! Arizona kept He Arpaio. Joe Sheriff patriot American old year 85 to Pardon full a granted just have I that you inform to pleased am I
help! government of force full the unleashes which Proclamation Disaster the signed have I Texas of Governor the of request the At
safe! Be respond. to ready and site on is Government Federal projected. than powerful more and bigger much getting is Hurricane turned Storm
winds! MPH 125 3). Class a to strengthens it (as Harvey Hurricane of doings and path the monitoring am I where David Camp at arrived Just
SAFE! BE 3. Category a to strengthens it as Harvey Hurricane of doings and path the watching closely am I where David Camp at arrived Just
https://t.co/N6uEWCZUrv officials. state and local their of orders &amp; advice the heed to #HurricaneHarvey of path the in everyone encourage I
https://t.co/cnkRZd6D6Z Kelly. John COS and @TomBossert45 @FEMA_Brock Duke Elaine Secretary @DHSgov Acting from morning this briefing #HurricaneHarvey a Received
needed. as assist to here &amp; developments #HurricaneHarvey monitoring Closely Edwards. @LouisianaGov and Texas of @GovAbbott w/ spoken have I
happy! not Tennessee '18. in again run should he not or whether me asking constantly is he that considering Corker Bob by statement Strange
ever." presidency best perhaps be will this Convinced about. reported aren't presidency this of things "Best America" "Retaking Adams Nick
SC! ISIS military border killed regulations passed Bills A. Trump the than months 7 just in more done have Administrations any if Few
News Fake the believe Don't W.H. the in talent and spirit tremendous is There Staff. of Chief as job fantastic a doing is Kelly John General
Senate! the control Dems 8 passed. be will bills few majority 51% a to go and Rule Filibuster the of rid get don't Republicans Senate If
https://t.co/4lJ94nxODu America! of States United the to service your for YOU THANK Yuma. Station Air @USMC the at HEROES BRAVE our with time spend to HONOR GREAT A
https://t.co/FUtGBoTJLo America! of Staes United the to service your for YOU THANK Yuma. Station Air @USMC the at HEROES brave our with time spend to honor great A
https://t.co/tpXmOK70ug ??https://t.co/t1s4AL3B47 ??https://t.co/FMdmvohypy??https://t.co/YL56ldeqoW #PlanAhead. to remember - intensifies #HurricaneHarvey As
https://t.co/KSQddGqWzJ you! cherish &amp; respect We you. Thank AZ. Yuma in Patrol Border @DHSgov &amp; @ICEgov of women &amp; men incredible the with visited I Tuesday On
happened! have NEVER should failed!That he years 7 for Replace &amp; Repeal hearing after that is McConnell Mitch with have I problem only The
me? to letter beautiful his you show he Will Trump. Donald on authority an now is Congress to lying caught got famously who Clapper James
tones! change can who one no have Dems the bad Too strong). and (respectful V.A. - Legion American the and fun) and dynamic ..(enthusiastic
me? to letter beautiful his you show he Will Trump. Donald on authority an now is Congress to lying caught got famously who Clapper James
tones! change can who one no have Dems the bad To strong). and (respectful V.A. - Legion American the and fun) and dynamic ...(enthusiastic
Rally..... big the (somber) Afghanistan was there Well speeches. back to back of types different my about complaining now is News Fake The
tones! change can who one no have Dems the bad strong).To and (respectful V.A. - Legion American the and fun) and dynamic ...(enthusiastic
Rally..... big the (somber) Afghanistan was their Well speeches. back to back of types different my about complaining now is News Fake The
mess! a easy-now so been have Could approval. Ceiling Debt on usual) (as up them holding Dems with deal big a have we now so it do ...didn't
They... approval. easy for passed) just (which Bill V.A. popular the into legislation Ceiling Debt the tie R Paul &amp; M Mitch that requested I
https://t.co/46m20cJkLB #ALConv2017 ALL! US INSPIRE YOU service. courageous your for YOU THANK States United the of people the of behalf on Ballard E. Donald
https://t.co/bICsRm1tQx @SecShulkin.??https://t.co/fr2sf9oRvd @AmericanLegion w/ law into Act Modernization &amp; Improvement Appeals Veterans the sign to honor great A
https://t.co/tsIAgHbFM7 #ALConv2017 conquer! to us for great too challenge no is there then values our in confidence and other each in faith have we as long As
time! wasting just are they do would Dems the which majority simple a to go &amp; Rule Filibuster the of rid get doesn't Senate Republican If
it! got People fairly. cover didn't Media News Fake the that Charlottesville on statements my from things the read I Phoenix in night Last
border! &amp; crime on weak Flake Jeff of fan a Not Arizona. of State Great the love I house. packed a - amazing was night last crowd Phoenix
https://t.co/RzePiucV3h AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/o7S6xoCBiC #PhoenixRally #DrainTheSwamp
https://t.co/Mau0B1qYIP streets! our on violence gang the to eye blind a turns media the but groups hate to platform a give media the does only Not
https://t.co/WT4D9Vsen1 https://t.co/s0D12EFs40 at: Facebook my via rally of coverage Full tonight! Phoenix in 15000 of turnout Beautiful Arizona. you Thank
https://t.co/tjFx8XjhDz States! United the around &amp; Arizona Yuma in facility Protection Border and Customs U.S. the at women and men great the of all to YOU THANK
https://t.co/44QYFSq07a America. Bless God you. of one every &amp; each in pride everlasting &amp; souls our in courage hearts our in w/hope victory to onward push will We
https://t.co/1w3LVkpESE https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx #MAGA????Tickets: Arizona! Phoenix tonight P.M. 7:00 at you See
https://t.co/t3kD8qj9Mt families. their and #USSJohnSMcCain the aboard @USNavy the in country our serving while died who heroes fallen our for pray We
strong! is country our of future The Virginia. Myer Fort in night last people great with Was
https://t.co/6ly3fNatiX Transcript:https://t.co/FELdImTuUM &amp; Video NationFull the to Address
https://t.co/ticezYKkhz #USA???? abroad. and home at Military U.S. the of member every and Myer Fort of women and men the to you Thank
??https://t.co/LOV4StdJDj Virginia. Arlington in Myer Fort from live me Join
https://t.co/8J7y900VGK control! of out is Media News Fake dishonest very the you Thank
Jerry! Thanks say. to had he what to listen should News Fake The @foxandfriends. on fantastic was University Liberty of Falwell Jerry
https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU underway. are efforts rescue &amp; search where #USSJohnSMcCain the aboard sailors @USNavy our w/ are prayers &amp; Thoughts
seen! ever have I reporting News Fake dishonest most and worst the of some watching and hard working after Washington to back Heading
one! as together come soon will country Our hate. and bigotry against out speaking are who Boston in protestors many the applaud to want I
before! ever than stronger be &amp; heal will we &amp; heal to order in protest need you Sometimes decades. for divided been has country great Our
before! ever than stronger be &amp; heel will we &amp; heel to order in protest need you Sometimes decades. for divided been has country great Our
@Marty_Walsh. Mayor Boston and officers enforcement law all by job Great
you. Thank smart! and tough looking are Police Boston. in agitators anti-police many like Looks
competition! the needs News Fake before. ever than better even @BreitbartNews...maybe at voice new smart and tough a be will Bannon Steve
Afghanistan. on including made decisions Many leaders. military and Generals talented very our with David Camp at spent day Important
S Thanks great! was it - Clinton Hillary Crooked against run my during campaign the to came He service. his for Bannon Steve thank to want I
you!#LESM with are We ones. loved their and @KissimmeePolice the with are prayers and thoughts My
https://t.co/re6n0MS0cj authorizes....cont??https://t.co/c3zIkdtowc bill The (#HR873.) Act Memorial War Terrorism on War Global the signed I Today
https://t.co/Hjmcnnse9j #MAGA???? Military! the and Border the Security National on meeting GREAT David. Camp from NJ Bedminster to returned Just
https://t.co/3iScfuMw9s on....cont: focused Command Combatant Unified a of status the to elevated be Command Cyber U.S. that directed have I
ever). strongest to building rapidly are we (which Military the and Border the Security National on meeting major for David Camp to Heading
tough! be to Have rights. protective our back us give must courts The necessary! means whatever by stopped be must Terrorism Islamic Radical
stop! Must times. all at delay associated and courts the use They difficult. very country our for Security make Democrats Obstructionist The
before! ever than tougher far are borders Our trouble. of sign any for watching closely &amp; alert on are enforcement law and Security Homeland
years! 35 for Terror Islamic Radical more no was There caught. when terrorists to did States United the of Pershing General what Study
you! love we strong &amp; tough Be help. to necessary is whatever do will and Spain Barcelona in attack terror the condemns States United The
replaced! comparably be to able never and missed greatly be will parks and towns cities our of out taken being is that beauty ...the
Also... foolish! So Jefferson? Washington next who's - Jackson Stonewall Lee E Robert it. from learn can you but history change ...can't
You..... monuments. and statues beautiful our of removal the with apart ripped being country great our of culture and history the see to Sad
great! looking are numbers Job Business. Small and M Linda Secretary with including Bedminster in today meetings Many
toxic! He's Senate. in non-factor a and crime borders on WEAK is who Flake Jeff Flake against running is Ward Kelli Dr. that see to Great
Shame! etc. bigotry hate about say I what misrepresent totally They is. News Fake the dishonest how so) more (even learning is public The
remember! will Carolina South of people trouncing.The election his forget can't just He lie. disgusting a Such Heyer. Ms. like people ...and
supremacists...... white &amp; neo-Nazis KKK the between equivalency moral is there said I that stated falsely Graham Lindsey seeking Publicity
https://t.co/vD3BB3hyti https://t.co/Kz2EsQ3f1v remarks: Full SAFE! LESS country our make cities Sanctuary LAW! OF RULE the following for @MayorGimenez YOU THANK
https://t.co/5ua74dlVtq https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx at: Tickets Center! Convention Phoenix the at Arizona Phoenix in 22nd August Tuesday on P.M. 7:00 at me Join
https://t.co/oMUIZ8X7oB @SecShulkin. @DeptVetAffairs by joined 2017 of Act Assistance Educational Veterans Colmery W. Harry the signed I Bedminster in Today
??https://t.co/6EQfmRzrnv #MAGA Jersey. New Bedminster in landed Just
all! you Thank both. ending am I Forum Policy &amp; Strategy &amp; Council Manufacturing the of businesspeople the on pressure putting than Rather
all! by remembered long be will She woman. young special truly a Heyer Heather incredible and beautiful for today service Memorial
Crime! &amp; Wall on Strong runoff. September in Now endorsement. my since support additional of lot a up picked Strange Luther Senator Wow
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
unacceptable! and catastrophic both been have would alternative The decision. reasoned well and wise very a made Korea North of Un Jong Kim
https://t.co/vhmv7Qoutk John! Congratulations
race! Exciting Alabama. in runoff September a into heading and two final the being for Strange Luther and Moore Roy to Congratulation
lost! being jobs many - hurt being are U.S. the throughout states and cities Towns retailers. paying tax to damage great doing is Amazon
JOBS! on. gone have not should Grandstanders place. their take to many have I Council Manufacturing the of out drops that CEO every For
great! be will he Strange Luther for Vote Alabama. in day Big
Russia! anger to want didn't he but ago years 3 interference Russian about knew Obama President out just report to According @foxandfriends
etc. borders crime on Tough 7:15. at @foxandfriends on be will Alabama of people the for job great a doing is who Strange Luther Senator
home! my really is U.S. the and it... like place no is there special very is House White the but months seven after home be to good Feels
people! bad satisfied...truly be never will Media News #Fake the that again once realize and Charlottesville on remarks additional Made
trade. and purchases military on meetings and City York New for Leaving
workers! American for coming deals trade Great renovated. being are Office Oval &amp; House White though even D.C. Washington in day Big
PRICES! LOWER &amp; back jobs Bring U.S. the of out jobs taking time same the at while prices drug higher &amp; higher in leader a is Pharma .@Merck
PRICES! DRUG RIPOFF LOWER to time more have will Councilhe Manufacturing President's from resigned has Pharma Merck of Frazier Ken that Now
fast! that changing am I History. World in deals trade worst the of some fixed) not (or us given have Democrats Obstructionist The
enforcement. law &amp; cuts tax military the Wall &amp; Border on strong is He endorsement. my has Alabama of State Great the of Strange Luther
#MAGA military. and trade on Focus do. to work Much morning. this Washington to Heading
sad! So Virginia. Charlottesville in injured those of all to regards best and today killed woman young the of family the to Condolences
produces. nation this best the among all You're today. died who Police State VA the of officers fellow &amp; families the to condolences Deepest
https://t.co/mCTYBgUePi able. and willing ready are We needed. is assistance whatever provide will and Charlottesville in developments follow to continue will We
https://t.co/FesMiQSKKn FIRST. AMERICANS ALL are we party political or religion creed color our matter No truth: this remember must We
https://t.co/DB22fgnu6L lives.#Charlottesville innocent of protection the and order and law of restoration swift a is now vital is What
https://t.co/P3cRVvE0cY Jersey: New Bedminster from live me Join
sad! Charlottesville better-but it make to doing are and done have we that all &amp; V.A. on conference press &amp; meetings for Bedminster in Am
one! as together come Lets America. in violence of kind this for place no is There for. stands hate that all condemn &amp; united be must ALL We
https://t.co/H1Zi5XRKEo ??https://t.co/v5O8GglOIK Jersey. New Bedminster in Briefing Security National Following - Conference Press
https://t.co/ZycW4PPcU5 grows! economy the as thrive &amp; succeed to needed skills gain to Americans for opportunity provide will we trail campaign the on promised As
https://t.co/X6KdszrxsS Bloomberg via Optimism" Economic U.S. on High 16-Year Reaches Comfort "Consumer
https://t.co/tyqbvvmBn4 are.... jobs these ensure to need we programs development workforce the have we that sure make to want We
path! another find will Un Jong Kim Hopefully unwisely. act Korea North loadedshould and placelocked in fully now are solutions Military
https://t.co/vvJMDv9Gjl men" homes union Hispanics among surges 45% to rebounds approval "Trump
@narendramodi globally.#GES2017 entrepreneurship women’s supporting fall this India to delegation U.S. the lead will .@IvankaTrump
it! do can You signing. for desk my on Bill Infrastructure great a and Cuts &amp; Reform Tax Replace &amp; Repeal put and work to back get Mitch
ObamaCare! Replace &amp; Repeal Must done. it get couldn't years 7 for Replace &amp; Repeal screamed has who McConnell Mitch that believe you Can
https://t.co/Fkq2gJQOKk #GodBlessTheUSA????
done? not why Replace &amp; Repeal hearing of years 7 After so. think don't I but expectations" "excessive had I said McConnell Mitch Senator
world! the in nation powerful most the not are we that time a be never will there but power this use to have never will we ...Hopefully
before.... ever than powerful more and stronger far now is It arsenal. nuclear our modernize and renovate to was President as order first My
endorsement! total and complete my has He Alabama. of State Great the of people the representing job great a done has Strange Luther Senator
Polls! Suppression News Fake the believe Don't close! even achieved..not have we what achieved Administration any has rarely days 200 After
plane. in meeting secret Clinton/Lynch the cover to reluctant were FailingNewYorkTimes the and AmazonWashingtonPost the that show E-mails
decisive! &amp; tough be must We Korea. North by posed dangers the address finally to together coming are failurecountries of years many After
N.J. Bedminster in P.M. 3:00 at today country our for problem major a crisis Opioid the on briefing major a holding be will I
there was he say least at can he so service his about lied he where Vietnam in vacation long nice a take should Blumenthal Senator think I
business? in remain sources) non-existent (and liability unfunded massive and losses big its with nytimes failing the will longer much How
Korea! N. on sanctions of favor in vote 15-0 Council's Security Nations United the of importance the about talk not will Media News Fake The
https://t.co/QmfdLSLp6p #USA???? NATION! GREAT this for battle in sacrificed have who women and men brave the all thank #PurpleHeartDay??I On
collusion? judges he Now child. a like forgiveness for begged and baby a like cried He lie. a all was it and was he brave how ...conquests
and.... battles Vietnam his about stories told He Blumenthal. Richard Senator like voters defrauded or lied anyone has U.S.history in Never
artist! con Vietnam phony a was he when collusion Russian hoax about talking Connecticut of Blumenthal Richard Senator watch to Interesting
meetings. more for week next York New to Going renovation. planned long through goes House White while Jersey New from hard Working
stronger! getting is base Trump the WAPO &amp; NYTIMES CBS NBC ABC CNN on News #Fake 24/7 with that believe to Hard
change! never Will together. closer even base Trump the driven have more much so &amp; deregulation enthusiasm economic pick Court Supreme ...
jobs..... strength military security border Market Stock record story collusion Russian News Fake the is fact The Virginia. West ...and
Ohio....... Iowa Penn in rallies at Look polling). News Fake phony some (despite before ever than stronger &amp; bigger far is base Trump The
inept! totally is (apologized) win election big my including me about prediction wrong every made has which @nytimes failing The
sanctions. Korea North on vote Nations United 15-0 with impressed and happy Very Korea. South of Moon President with call completed Just
etc. MS-13 &amp; securityISIS military &amp; jobsborder &amp; economy surging S.C. months: 6 first the of success the report to refuses News Fake The
https://t.co/g4ELhh9joH AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
N.K. to cost in dollars billion one Over Korea. North on ever package sanctions economic largest single the is Resolution Nations United
https://t.co/KlWN05uFOx Nicole! you Thank
better! the tougher the Security National For action! taking A.G. the see to great is it Washington in on going LEAKS of years many After
impact! financial big Very us. with voted Russia and China Korea. North sanction to 15-0 voted just Council Security Nations United The
calls! and meetings - vacation a not is This House. White the at done being is construction planned long as N.J. Bedminster in Working
accelerated"https://t.co/jNtOTh0moL dramatically have #ISIS against gains Trump "Under
https://t.co/4kTc6Om308 #AmericaFirst???? first. FAMILIES and WORKERS America putting are we because shores our to back coming is Prosperity
https://t.co/e4rbchY3zM future! our in investment an is Preparedness season. hurricane for prepare to leaders local &amp; w/state @DHSgov @FEMA by done being work Great
https://t.co/GY555t0vzN #CG227???? BIRTHDAY! HAPPY and YOU THANK 24/7/365. serve to call the answer proudly @USCG our of women &amp; men brave the mission the matter No
USA! to back Movement fall. to continue regulations stifling job Many begun. just only have I and - released just Numbers Jobs Excellent
night. last Republican a became Governor wow!Dem 3% at GDP beyond were enthusiasm and Crowds night. last incredible was Virginia West
reform! &amp; cuts tax on hard Working come. to "busting" regulation more Much reason. good for high....and year 16 a at is confidence Consumer
Wisconsin. in plant/plants line the of top a on dollars billion 10 to up spending be will Foxconn that forget don't ....and
manufacturing! American in investment great A jobs. American new 4K create and U.S.A. the in here plant $1.6B new a build to Mazda &amp; Toyota
https://t.co/thRh7htVbH AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to goal: simple w/one together coming are kind every of Americans country the across All Virginia! West you Thank
#MAGA???? in! tune - expected crowd Massive 7:00pmE. at Huntington in rally AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE a for Virginia West in arrived Just
https://t.co/Dmq4htSps9 https://t.co/WFFHLWn8nF. at: available - #VAVideoConnect using anywhere from team healthcare VA their w/ connect now can VETERANS GREAT Our
https://t.co/LexSINeM1J #USA VETERANS! GREAT our to promises our keep to tirelessly working are We VA. the for breakthrough historic another announced I Today
https://t.co/obtDsdV94t https://t.co/ERU0xUWdCr Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????Tickets: West Huntington tonight you See
HCare! us give even can't that people same the Congress thank can You low. dangerous very &amp; all-time an at is Russia with relationship Our
grow. will jobs &amp; Business great! be will effect but do to left work Much regulations. unnecessary and costly of rid get to continuing am I
happen! just doesn't That high. all-time an at Market Stock levels. record at enthusiasm business with ever than better looking is Business
UNTRUE TOTALLY - dump a it called I said News Fake But seen. ever have I (homes) buildings beautiful most the of one House White the love I
https://t.co/zCFK5OfYnB #RAISEAct https://t.co/lv3ScSKnF6 Watch: taxpayers. &amp; workers U.S. protects that system immigration merit-based a creating on campaigned I
welcome"https://t.co/nqiZ8h8ajk hero's a Trump Donald gave just Belt Rust the "Why
https://t.co/YS6y1WR30G FREEDOM! OUR &amp; COUNTRY our COMRADES our PROTECT to duty of call the beyond &amp; above went who VET a to tribute pay to honor great my was It
https://t.co/TJn5x6HrFG https://t.co/hZE3fUqKDf here: watch and more future!Read the into us powering are who INNOVATORS &amp; DREAMERS the are owners business Small
out! truth the get to me for way Only people). million (110 Media Social using stop to me want enemies Trump and Media News Fake the Only
roarwatch! to starting are Jobs @foxandfriends Varney Stuart you Thank now." making are they as money much as made NEVER have "Corporations
mentions! seldom media Mainstream Day. Election on ago months 6 only 18000 Was today. 22000 (again) high all-time hit could Market Stock
House! White the at day great A
chaos! WH No S.C.: secure border raising wages years 17 in lowest unemployment years in numbers economic best EVER Market Stock Highest
pays? public what paying be not Congress should why &amp; companies insurance the hurt it shouldn't why is it &amp; people hurting is ObamaCare If
more. &amp; Lines State Cross get option) (nuke votes 51 to go Replace...and &amp; Repeal watching: is World the Senators Republican up give Don't
problem! this solve easily could China continue. to this allow longer no will We talk. just Korea North with us for NOTHING do ...they
yet... trade in year a dollars of billions of hundreds make to them allowed have leaders past foolish Our China. in disappointed very am I
MAGA News! #Fake exist. don't most is Problem success. election my in instrumental so were who "geniuses" the of all about reading love I
bill! other any on voting before vote another Demand dead! not is Replace &amp; Repeal quitters total are Senators Republican the Unless
Election! since 20% almost up Market Stock U.S.
soon! very end will Congress of Members for BAILOUTS and Companies Insurance for BAILOUTS quickly approved not is Bill HealthCare new a If
ObamaCare! imploding with live to forced being still are country great our of people the Replace &amp; Repeal "talking" of years seven After
CHANGE! MAKE R's. at laughing are They minute. first in vote majority 51 a to switch would they chance the got ever Democrats Senate the If
smart! Get Healthcare. complete and Law Kate's like pass never will bills Republican great Many Senate. U.S. the control totally Dems ....8
time...... wasting just are and fools like look They NOW. majority vote 51 a to go don't they if win NEVER will Senate the in Republicans
TIME! IT'S WIN. and NOW Votes 51 to go M Mitch Senate. in R's killing is reconciliation Budget go. must rule filibuster outdated very The
JOKE! A Senate. in sit Bills 200 country. control to Dems 8 allows Party R the killing is It NOW! vote 60 of rid get must Senate Republican
https://t.co/mMSxj4Su5z Hunt! Witch prices. oil low &amp; military strong want I not why and - Election 2016 the in Trump against was Russia words other In
https://t.co/0NGiIhGY18 https://t.co/dcZxPKOPZ9 Replay: FIRST! PEOPLE AMERICAN the of safety the put and communities our protect country our defend will We
him! of proud am I and together lot a accomplished We country. his to dedication and service his for Priebus Reince thank to like would I
Administration my of star true a been has He Security. Homeland at job spectacular a done also has John Leader. Great a ...and
American.... Great a is He Staff. of Chief House White as Kelly F John General/Secretary named just have I that you inform to pleased am I
https://t.co/GsgbBUXyHS #LESM eradicated. is #MS13 until rest not will We members. gang #MS13 from siege under area An now. Island Long for Departing
https://t.co/79Tskiv69j #MS13 #FlashbackFriday Pennsylvania #LESMHarrisburg police! our SUPPORT and borders our PROTECT laws our ENFORCE always will We
votes.... 60 need budgets &amp; bills future great many So 60. need things good really some 51 at pass could healthcare of parts though ...Even
60... senseless not majority vote 51 a to go immediately must they Senate the in legislation future great pass to going are Republicans If
Watch! deal. then implode ObamaCare let beginning the from said I As down. people American the let Democrats 48 and Republicans 3
healthcare! great America Give years. 7 for waiting after there Get Go! Senators Republican Go
https://t.co/j7ceXuBZ3f HEROES! AMERICAN FIVE to VALOR OF MEDAL THE - officer safety public a for award highest nation's our present to HONOR great my was It
https://t.co/it52TkLsye VA. Alexandria in lives many so saved fire under actions courageous whose HEROES the to tribute pay to Room East the in gathered we Today
https://t.co/6OCn9JfMAG https://t.co/qOolNmB65d #TeamScalise @SteveScalise. involving shooting 14th June the to responders first the recognize we as live me Join
AGAIN! SAFE AMERICA MAKE general. in members gang and members gang MS-13 of country our ridding in made being progress Big
reporting. phony Purposely Hunt! Witch this? report News Fake doesn't why So @FoxNews. Herridge Catherine Trump." candidate then ...about
information..... negative spread and collected Russians the that is situation this of politics the in lost been has that things the of "One
down! people American the let Don't shine! to chance your is this years 7 After Healthcare. on it do can you Senators Republican on Come
America." in show T.V. powerful most "....the @foxandfriends about said @nytimes Failing the Wow
https://t.co/jJghVeb63s MadeInTheUSA???? Wisconsin! in jobs new 13K to up for potential the with DOLLARS BILLION $10 investing for Foxconn you Thank
https://t.co/U6tfV93dDG https://t.co/Pb5FTTOyWf Remarks: Full today! WH the to you welcome to honor great my was It Nation. Girls and Boys to Congratulations
GOD!??https://t.co/jIejSgVnnA WORSHIP WE - GOVERNMENT WORSHIP DON'T WE AMERICA IN
Swamp! the Drain representatives. her and Clinton Hillary from run political wife's his for ($700000) dollars ...big
got.... but investigation Clinton of charge in was who friend Comey a McCabe Andrew Director FBI Acting replace Sessions A.G. didn't Why
you Thank entail. would military the in transgender that disruption and costs medical tremendous the with burdened be cannot and ....victory
overwhelming..... and decisive on focused be must military Our Military. U.S. the in capacity any in serve to individuals ....Transgender
allow...... or accept not will Government States United the that advised be please experts military and Generals my with consultation After
bad! Too yesterday. down country our and Republicans the let really Alaska of State Great the of @lisamurkowski Senator
soon! back be Will State. great a in time great a had all We records. all broke - night last amazing was Ohio in crowd The
https://t.co/KM0zoaULYH evening! an What much. so you Thank fantastic. are Ohio of People
https://t.co/RxobYHP1oR you! salutes nation grateful A evening. this Ohio Youngstown in 44 Post AMVETS at Veterans wonderful our join to honor great my was It
https://t.co/jWX9yBlX8z Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain??????https://t.co/A1mrxSksR3 @FLOTUS with Ohio Youngstown in arrived Just
Americans! all to healthcare grt deliver now can We Rep. all to Congrats vote. vital a such for D.C. to coming for you .@SenJohnMcCain-Thank
https://t.co/JHVHKgrPOY live!??https://t.co/7pquWbEutn us Join shortly. beginning Lebanon of Hariri Saad Minister Prime with Conference Press Joint
https://t.co/LuOaR1Iz2e JOBS! JOBS JOBS Boom" to Continues Market Labor "America's
https://t.co/VdTiYL0Ua7 action! for time the is Now years. seven for action no and talk enough been has There enough. long waited have people American The
there! you See expected. crowd Big tonight. Ohio of State Great the to traveling be Will
people! the for victory great a have can Republicans the but obstructionists are Dems HealthCare.The for day interesting very a be will This
STOP! U.S. the with protectionist very is E.U. The JOBS! exciting. &amp; big very be Could Kingdom. United the with Deal Trade major on Working
Trump! Barron old year 11 up Next Hunt. Witch Russians. the with collude not did he proving in yesterday well very did Kushner Jared
John. you Thank hero! American - Brave vote. to back coming is McCain John that great So
hand. in pen have I Replace! &amp; Repeal or Repeal enough. long people the fooled have Democrats People.The American the torturing is ObamaCare
plate! the to up step to willing are Republicans not or whether see soon will we talking of years 7 After HealthCare. for day Big
wife! for H from $700000 got McCabe Andrew investigation Hillary the of charge in person the &amp; FBI the of head acting the that is Problem
leakers! Intel &amp; server) DNC &amp; E-mails are (where crimes Clinton Hillary on position weak VERY a taken has Sessions Jeff General Attorney
@seanhannity A.G. investigation the is where So Clinton." boost to working "quietly - campaign Trump sabotage to efforts Ukrainian
monopoly? no-tax Amazon into looking from Politicians keep to Congress against weapon lobbyist a as used being Post Washington News Fake Is
taxes? and Amazon for Lobbyist @CNN. challenged ratings as bad as are They News. Fake are @washingtonpost the in me about stories many So
Assad..... fighting rebels Syrian to payments wasteful and dangerous massive ending my on facts the fabricated Post Washington Amazon The
https://t.co/DnNYxGJm4I country! your CHERISH &amp; LOVE and – life your into puts God people the of care Take history. your Honor duty. your Remember #2017Jambo-
https://t.co/DI7e78hr6N https://t.co/tSvWaMdxBA Remarks: #OCareNightmare! the w/ fine are you that America telling is debate starting against votes who senator Any
https://t.co/Yxm94XKtuv @SecPriceMD..... and @SecretaryZinke @SecretaryPerry with Andrews Base Joint at Arriving
it. on campaigning &amp; talking of years after Replace &amp; Repeal on thing right the do to chance last a have Republicans
excuse! loss Dem the pushing television on time his of all spends "Russia" into looking Congressman biased totally the Schiff Adam Sleazy
relations? Russia &amp; crimes Hillarys Crooked into looking A.G. beleaguered our course of and investigators and Committees the aren't why So
Russia." ourselvesnot blame should "Democrats that stated just Schumer Chuck found being evidence Zero with investigation of year 1 After
News! Fake the with begins it and thought ever anyone than worse much actually it's - Sewer the Drain to changed be should Swamp the Drain
TRUE! = etc. jobsborder M cuttingStock S.C.reg A+. an Administration Trump the of months six first the giving for @LOUDOBBS to you Thank
understand! them of any than greater far be will repercussions the ObamaCare disastrous the Replace and Repeal don't Republicans If
bad! is positive be should if even story/opinion every because Post Washington Amazon the or Times York New Failing the read to hard It's
President. their protect to little very do back my on line the over carried were that some even Republicans that sad very It's
Russians! and Democrats hold taking election lost a for excuse this at laughing are groups two continues Hunt Witch Russian phony the As
https://t.co/shcz5GQkCh Godspeed! &amp; Luck HER????Good her??????LOVE her??????Defend watch??????Protect the #USSGeraldRFord:??Keep the on serve will who PATRIOT every To
https://t.co/Pibf37Eybg #USA NONE!#USSGeraldRFord TO SECOND IS MIGHT American world: the to message ton 100000 a constructed have hands American &amp; steel American
https://t.co/YmiTLXcCEh #USSGeraldRFord @USNavy world. the in BEST the is SAILOR AMERICAN the and — it on serve who people the as good as only is ship A
https://t.co/PrVceEmPOB #USA Ford!??https://t.co/F78iOR64TW R. Gerald USS the of ceremony commissioning the for live me Join
Senators! Republican 52 the to up solely is It obstruction. only votes or ideas no obstructionists are Democrats the and dead is ObamaCare
WIN! Infrastructure. and Reform Tax Next Replace. and Repeal to vote years 7 after and plate the to up step must Senators Republican The
running! was I think didn't but started Primaries Republican the before 1st me endorse to wanted he Scaramucci Anthony to fairness all In
e-mails! 33000 her washed) acid (&amp; deleted Clinton Hillary Crooked whereas authorities &amp; media the to e-mails his gave openly Donald son My
etc. speeches dollar big Reset Russian deal Uranium Company Podesta including Russia to ties Clinton the of all about ...What
deleted? e-mails 33000 crimes. Comey or Clinton Hillary many the at looking Council Special or A.G. the isn't why asking are people many So
NEWS us.FAKE against LEAKS is far so crime only when that of think why pardon to power complete the has President S. U. the agree all While
Va. Norfolk Ford. R. Gerald The world the in carrier aircraft largest the for Ceremony Commissioning the to going be will I morning This
Security National over agenda sick terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their wanted most single the kill to attempt U.S. foiled Times York New Failing The
stop! must Comey's like leaks illegal Sessions.These Jeff A.G. against time Postthis Washington Amazon the from LEAK INTELLIGENCE new A
bright! is future his but - Media News Fake the from abuse tremendous took who person wonderful a is Spicer Sean
https://t.co/6IPmbqVi10 https://t.co/gySxxqazBl #HonorThem????Remarks: @WhiteHouse. the to #USSArizona the of survivors welcome to privilege my was it Today
https://t.co/ZJaLAfBcv0 https://t.co/gySxxqazBlhttps://t.co/gySxxqazBl Remarks: WH. the to #USSArizona the of survivors welcome to privilege my was it Today
https://t.co/WHZtcAxhRQ @ShopFloorNAM:https://t.co/a42fNElct1 via 2017 of qtr 2nd the into carried has qtr 1st the in reported optimism record-high Manufacturers’
https://t.co/q4vB9GdE5y USA???? BEST! the is it AMERICA IN MADE is it If @WhiteHouse! the at here right event #MadeInAmerica a hosted we week This ICYMI-
https://t.co/x9MeUzDom6 @VarneyCo??https://t.co/s7fYOicWGV -Stuart DOLLARS??RICHER." TRILLION America????FOUR making is GROWTH??that of hope the is it - in months "Six
https://t.co/VfIrc5Xssx #MadeInAmerica??????https://t.co/39dwlGHI7R
https://t.co/5VtMfuY3PM https://t.co/QneN48bSiq Pfizer: &amp; Merck Corning via initiative An America! in jobs new of thousands &amp; investments in dollars of Billions
https://t.co/NOnhJyWp4J #AmericaFirst???? America. in more once believe and future your in believe yourselves in believe to citizens all asking am I
https://t.co/5d1MSzhjQS #MAGA???? teams. great our and Mattis James Secretary Pence @VP with meetings after Pentagon The Departing
https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz soon. well Get family. entire their and Cindy McCain Senator to prayers and thoughts our send I and Melania
dies! OCare as death scream Dems lunchtime.The at better even get will it &amp; is bill healthcare their good how discuss never Republicans The
America! to promise their keep MUST They healthcare. concerning Senators Republican with today House White the at lunch having be will I
sinister! look to made is Germany in leaders 20 top for arranged dinner a Even dishonest! more and more becoming is News Fake The
knew! Press Germany. of Chancellor the by invited were spouses and leaders 20 G All "sick." is Putin with dinner secret of story News Fake
Crazy! Senate. control Dems 8 60. need Repeal full of parts Even votes. 60 current of instead majority vote 51 a to go must Senate The
votes! no obstruct totally Dems since year next victories more need Senate &amp; House the in Republicans the majority small very a only With
tuned! Stay plan. healthcare great a do and together come then and fail ObamaCare let said always have I As
return! will We hard. really worked &amp; terrific loyal were Republicans Most Republicans. few a and Democrats the of all by down let were We
in! join will Dems slate. clean a from start will that Plan Healthcare new a on work &amp; now ObamaCare failing REPEAL just should Republicans
politics! That's opponent. an on info get to order in attended jr Don one the like meeting a to gone have would politicians Most
security! and military the trade on week this accomplished be will Much D.C. Washington to back Heading
#USWomensOpen???? @USGA 2017 the winning on Park Hyun Sung to Congratulations
exciting! very - decades many in time first the for co-leading is player amateur An #USWomensOpen. @USGA the at am I
https://t.co/yTnMwSh1Kg Congratulations! world. the in anywhere best the are sailors Our safe. America keep to capabilities essential provide will #USSJohnFinn The
time! election around poll inaccurate most the about just was time this at bad not is 40% almost though even Poll Post ABC/Washington The
country! our in DEMOCRACY DISTORTING is News #Fake reporting fraudulent even &amp; slanted highly &amp; sources unnamed phony its of all With
campaign. winning our in collusion Russian no was there that powerfully so saying for Caputo Michael adviser campaign former to you Thank
cool! Very Open. U.S. Women's the at yesterday protesters the out-numbered far who supporters the of all to you Thank
Media? News Fake the by scorned being is Don son my but emails 33000 delete &amp; Debate the to questions the get illegally can HillaryClinton
https://t.co/2oWyptgfIY round! final the for tomorrow there being to forward look I #USWomensOpen???? @USGA the at today great played women The
election! since 17% over up - market stock high record with happy really are People Jersey. New Bedminster in #USWomensOpen the to got Just
https://t.co/3eYF3nir4B AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/xjVDkgo1NK #WeeklyAddress???? DISASTER. ObamaCare the from Americans save to legislation on vote to going is Senate the week Next
today! Open U.S. Women's the at be Will
good! very look to starting are numbers jobs Also story! hoax Russian the despite - yesterday high all-time another hit Market Stock
workers! its and U.S. for great be will that deals trade new on Working high! all-time new at Market Stock
exciting! very be great-should playing are women the &amp; expected crowds Big tomorrow. NJ Bedminster in #USWomensOpen @USGA the at be will I
https://t.co/wERNV7J4oO you! thanks nation grateful A Forces. Armed U.S. our of women and men courageous the to Commander-in-Chief as serve to Honored
https://t.co/KZjJQOo0H1 #14juillet #BastilleDay France. in celebration historic a such to myself and Melania inviting for you @EmmanuelMacronThank President
days! two in accomplished and discussed lot A @EmmanuelMacron. President with visit incredible an was It France. Paris from landed Just
afternoon. this tournament important most their the#USWomensOpen attending and Jersey New to heading be Will U.S.A. for Paris Left
security. and military trade on representatives his and @EmmanuelMacron President with conversations Great
https://t.co/7irbz08oT3 ???????? terror. against France with solidarity our pledge We France. Nice of victims the for mourns States United The
https://t.co/1J4vZiy98y @EmmanuelMacron! President Congratulations parade. #BastilleDay magnificent the at States United the represent to honor great a was It
people. the for right is what do to Senators Republican wonderful our getting and HealthCare on hard working is Pence Mike .@VP
promised! have they as through come must Senators Republican ObamaCare thru suffering of years these of all After
happen! must disaster O'Care of 7yrs After approved. plan healthcare get McConnell @SenateMajLdr of leadership under Senators Rep impt So
hand! in pen desk my at be will I approved. replacement ObamaCare failed their get to hard working are Senators Republicans
https://t.co/ib1pdUYoEU ever. than stronger France with Relationship dinner. for Tower Eiffel to Went Macron. Mrs. &amp; @EmmanuelMacron President with evening Great
https://t.co/IOSoC0MdPv unbreakable. is ourselves and nations two our between friendship The @EmmanuelMacron. President w/ Palace Élysée at meetings bilateral Great
https://t.co/RKir1GcRrB today! Invalides Les at ceremony welcome beautiful the for you @EmmanuelMacronThank President
https://t.co/ZSdsJ0Bsbl families. their and Military U.S. the of members @USEmbassyFrance the of women and men dedicated the join to thrilled were I and Melania
https://t.co/knULGOQF1K Melania. @FLOTUS with France Paris in landed Just
https://t.co/xhiknXko70 ??https://t.co/TTg7lvBdo2 act! must Senate &amp; House full the Now lives. save &amp; border the secure will It wall. the building for today WIN Big
https://t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK #MAGA???? JOBS! JOBS JOBS
https://t.co/Vwxsb2vWGe #MAGA???? good! very looking outlook Jobs positive. so enthusiasm and spirit with high another hits market Stock
WWI. into entry U.S. since 100yrs and Day Bastille honor &amp; celebrate to Macron President of invitation the @ France for leave to rdy Getting
https://t.co/gDGgejqFMs agriculture." for opportunity exciting an deal Trade market. Chinese hits beef U.S. years 14 "After
T.V. watching for time little very have I things. other many &amp; Cuts/Reform Tax HealthCare on focused perfectly functioning is W.H. The
Disgraceful! with. away gotten have may Clinton Hillary what Look Democrats. the on placed standards same the aren't Why
Trump." Donald against election presidential the influence to disinformation Moscow used willfully have "Democrats states .@WashTimes
removed. being are gangs 13 MS &amp; (75%) down way are crossings border illegal Iraq &amp; Syria of out wiped be soon will &amp; run the on is ISIS
exist. not do and up made are sources those times often Media Fake the from say" "sources words the hear you when Remember
Sad! history. political in Hunt Witch greatest the is This innocent. and transparent open was He night. last job good a did Donald son My
country! our loves who person great a is He P.M. 10:00 at tonight @seanhannity by interviewed be will Donald son My
ISIS! against wins Big
all! to condolences deepest our send I and Melania heartbreaking. is Mississippi in crash Plane Marine
tuned! Stay (L.A.). States United the for Olympics the get to hard Working
obstruct! &amp; down things slow is do they all so win can't They Nominees. Presidential 197 of 48 confirmed only have Democrats Senate The
PRES! FOR CHELSEA say would News Fake the away country our gave mother her motheras her for seat the hold to asked were Clinton Chelsea If
agrees! M Angela standard. Very seat. hold to Ivanka asked I countries other and Japan with meetings short for Room Conference left I When
go! to ready and approved fully bill HealthCare new beautiful a without Washington leave to dare would Congress that imagine cannot I
illegal! so is That media. the to INFORMATION CLASSIFIED leaked Comey James
did! can&amp; ceasefire a can't-but It happen. can it think I mean doesn't unit Security Cyber a discussed I and Putin President that fact The
Good! meeting. of out Came saved. be can lives Many holding. be to seems ceasefire Syrian
chance! their have finally they Now ObamaCare. of Replace and Repeal the pushed Republicans as listened I "civilian" a as even years For
https://t.co/NVDVRrWLs4 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
solved! are problems Syrian &amp; Ukrainian the until done be will Nothing Putin. President with meeting my at discussed not were Sanctions
election? before info had he when NOTHING do Obama did Why apologize). to (had 4 actually when agencies intel 17 said News Fake it. ...have
don't.... still rejected were and SERVER their for times 13 DNC the ask to had FBI &amp; CIA the why about asked were Questions safe. ...and
guarded.. be will things negative other many &amp; hacking election that so unit Security Cyber impenetrable an forming discussed I &amp; Putin
Russia! with constructively working in forward move to time is it Now lives. save will which Syria of parts in ceasefire a negotiated ...We
opinion..... my given already I've it. denied vehemently He election. our in meddling Russian about twice Putin President pressed strongly I
done! get Will made. has it deals trade bad many the fix must U.S. the that Explained - U.S. the for success great a was Summit 20 G The
https://t.co/cXrYiK46Qq kind! very @SenatorDole you Thank
Korea. North &amp; trade on meeting excellent an had we where Xi President China’s left Just WH. the and D.C. Washington for Hamburg Leaving
#G20Summit @PolizeiHamburg anarchists. the despite safe totally felt Everybody Hamburg. in job spectacular a did military &amp; enforcement Law
you! Thank Merkel. Angela Chancellor by beautifully out carried and success wonderful a was #G20Summit The
https://t.co/zOMiXTeLJq you! with #FakeNews the fight will We
https://t.co/bLKgZKQemw #USA two! day to forward Looking Germany. Hamburg in here #G20Summit the at leaders world with day first Great
https://t.co/T0R4u4IHDJ https://t.co/YuDgVfRroR Editorial: WSJ Speech” Defining “Trump’s you! Thank
#MAGA! will We cares! who but accurately me cover never will Media News Fake interests! its for fight and well country our represent will I
#USA???? discuss.#G20Summit to Much Putin. Vladimir with meeting my including leaders world with today meetings all to forward look I
Disgraceful! CIA. the and FBI the to server DNC the give to refused Podesta John why about talking is here Everyone
Korea. South of Moon President &amp; Japan of Abe Shinzo PM with then and Merkel Chancellor with meeting great a had Poland After
speech! the of reviews great the for haters the including everyone to you Thank one. great a was Poland in yesterday experience My
https://t.co/vHzPwMtJSm world. the to and West the to blessing a is Europe strong a and Europe of nations the to blessing a is Poland strong A
https://t.co/sozuVgdp5T TRIUMPH! will civilization our and THRIVE will people Our PREVAIL. will values Our BROKEN. BE NEVER WILL WEST THE
https://t.co/MHxRmVvtsh #POTUSinPoland extremism. and terrorism of evils the eradicate to fight the in Poland with shoulder-to-shoulder stand to proud is America
https://t.co/ylU3wLZV2H #POTUSinPoland https://t.co/COpVXnn8YG here?? watch Poland!????????#ICYMI you thank myself and Melania @FLOTUS of behalf On
https://t.co/BcB3wLjILg ??https://t.co/mDhFzDm3ED you! Thank anniversary. 152nd their celebrate they as USSS the of professionals dedicated the to Congratulations
try! a it give to had we but - us with working China for much So quarter. first the in 40% almost grew Korea North and China between Trade
us? help not do that countries with deals these continue we should history.Why world in Deals Trade worst the of some made States United The
Saturday. on back be Will G-20. the for Germany to travel will I which after Poland for leave to ready Getting
https://t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z #USA???? #HappyIndependenceDay
lower. even go them see to like would I years! ten over in U.S. the in lowest the are prices Gas
prosper! and grow will country Our everyone. to 4th Happy House. White the at crowd big a with July of 4th the celebrate to ready Getting
https://t.co/NsFslPEFrp #USA???? #July4 #HappyIndependenceDay
all! for and once nonsense this end and Korea North on move heavy a put will China Perhaps longer. much this with up put will Japan ....and
Korea..... South that believe to Hard life? his with do to better anything have guy this Does missile. another launched just has Korea North
report? so will Media News Fake the not or whether wonder I high! all-time intraday new a hit Dow
dumping! aluminum &amp; steel like Don't begun! just have we and now in kick to starting are Things economy! the &amp; jobs on numbers great Really
@FoxNews. on words nice the for Steel Shawn to you Thank
so. do to delighted be would we Pope the and U.K. the in friends our per as #CharlieGard little help can we If
else! much so &amp; border the ISIS with success economy strong numbers jobs great our discuss to forced be will News Fake the point some At
morning! this Italy with speaking be Will
happening! are things Interesting Middle-East. the in peace about Arabia Saudi of King the with yesterday Spoke
morning. this France and Germany with speaking be Will
https://t.co/LtTpGsP3fC G… &amp; WEAK the protecting STRONG the OPPRESSION overcoming FREEDOM of story the is uniform in women &amp; men America's
stronger! been never has base our and up) going start will (wages years in level lowest at unemployment high time all at Market Stock
https://t.co/EwnwCeuGMv PEOPLE!… AMERICAN GREAT our of behalf on objectives our accomplishing from us keep NEVER will media dishonest The
https://t.co/WYUnHjjUjg #FNN #FraudNewsCNN
https://t.co/bTPuerxLOr in… soul your bared and love your poured blood your shed have You VETERANS. GREAT our of care take always will We
Again! Great America Make PRESIDENTIAL. DAY MODERN it’s - Presidential not is media social of use My
#FraudNewsCNN! to CNN #FakeNews name the changing about thinking am I
WIN! to continue will We did. and #FakeNews beat to had I media. social and speeches interviews with election 2016 ....the
won.... I remember but - media social use not should I others and Republicans convince to hard working is MEDIA NEWS FRAUDULENT &amp; FAKE The
https://t.co/shfTAoMJry evangelic… my of many so w/ VETERANS GREAT our honoring Concert Freedom Celebrate tonight's for leave to rdy Getting
https://t.co/00mao6Vk7R https://t.co/I8cqKGDK2B #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement: Address???? Weekly
bad! Too bosses. NBC their by dominated is show rated low their but people bad not are Mika rock a as dumb and Scarborough Joe Crazy
time! about It's journalism. garbage and #FakeNews as exposed been finally has @CNN that see to pleased extremely am I
hide? to trying they are What PANEL. FRAUD VOTER distinguished very the to information give to refusing are states Numerous
hate!' 'Trump w/ along go to refused she because @Comcast &amp; @NBC at bosses control of out her by go let was Susteren Van @Greta that is Word
#Canada150 @JustinTrudeau. friend found new my and Minister Prime your to and Canada of people great the of all to Day Canada Happy
https://t.co/hZCMp5cSJc American… of tradition proud the on carry to children of millions inspire will We again. once BIG THINK will America
https://t.co/MxN04V2Yn4 closely… working are We over. is patience That failed. has regime Korea North the with patience strategic of era The
https://t.co/DUZh6aMjJS b… workers American for field playing the level to work will he that assurances Moon's President by encouraged am I
show Bad no! said I article. Enquirer National a stop to me called He NEWS. FAKE time. long in time first for @Morning_Joe rated low Watched
year! this Chicago in shootings 1714 help. Federal in sending am I that proportions epidemic such reached have Chicago in killings and Crime
date! later a at REPLACE then and REPEAL immediately should they now on working are they what pass to unable are Senators Republican If
deal! trade new and Korea North including discussed subjects Many Korea. South of President the with meeting good very a finished Just
https://t.co/w5Y7UXZSSD ene… true a of cusp the on are We wealth. in TRILLIONS &amp; jobs of MILLIONS unlock will Policy Energy American new Our
https://t.co/m0HmPbUZ6C IT.… BUILD will we and IT DREAM will we IT FIND will we needs energy America’s of future the to comes it When
https://t.co/uPRy9XgK5A Act. Criminals for Sanctuary No and Law Kate’s of Passage House on Statement
follow. will Senate Hopefully Act.' Criminals for Sanctuary 'No of passing the with House the of out news Good
follow. will Senate Hopefully #KatesLaw. passed just House news Good
https://t.co/XL9LLNKh8i Syria" In Attack Weapons Chemical Stopped Warning Trump’s Says "Mattis
#UnleashingAmericanEnergyhttps://t.co/hlM7F2BQD9 @EPAScottPruitt. and @SecretaryZinke @SecretaryPerry @VP with LIVE me Join
https://t.co/jbN4hPjqjS #SaveAmericanLives #KatesLaw AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct SAFE AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/4N2c0oxMve lets… &amp; bills these ??Pass ??#KatesLaw bills:??#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct crucial two on votes House the Today
no! said I face-lift. a from badly bleeding was She me. joining on insisted and Eve Year's New around row a in nights 3 Mar-a-Lago ...to
came.. Joe Psycho with along Mika Crazy I.Q. low come how Then anymore). watch (don't me of badly speaks @Morning_Joe rated poorly heard I
badly. U.S. hurt which years many for deal no Had U.S. the and Mexico both for one good very a is Mexico with negotiated deal Sugar New
https://t.co/p3vd8IXXaD safety… American put to vote must Lawmakers Act. Criminals For Sanctuary No &amp; #KatesLaw on votes House the Tomorrow
https://t.co/VBoEubD59k Remarks… energy. American on restrictions crushing the lift to action swift taken we’ve office in day first my From
https://t.co/necCt4K6UH up. goes actually - bill Senate new under Medicaid misstated purposely Democrats
https://t.co/5k8WzW1t68 more… read and Watch tomorrow. Congress in place taking votes two of ahead roundtable immigration an hosted I Today
https://t.co/GvPhJ9hZdv afternoon.… this @WhiteHouse the to ?? @Cubs Chicago Champion Series World 2016 the welcome to honor great my was It
https://t.co/7IIQEh7xXv Remarks:… Full WH. the to @narendramodi Minister Prime India's welcoming of honor great the had I Monday on #ICYMI-
NEWS! FAKE is should) they (which taxes internet paying not Amazon of guardian the as to referred sometimes #AmazonWashingtonPost The
U.S. for victory want &amp; well subject the know I Wrong healthcare. in engaged totally not am I that say to likes Media News Fake the of Some
Joke! News Fake A story. a of facts the verify to call even don't They me. about story false after story false writes @nytimes failing The
OCare! unlike right it get to want really They HealthCare. concerning Senators Republican the with meeting great a finished just I
hard! working are Senators Republican the legacy Dems the as ObamaCare dangerous and expensive failed a and help to Democrats ZERO With
News! Fake all are They @washingtonpost? &amp; @nytimes failing the about What ABC? &amp; CBS NBC about what but cold CNN News Fake caught they So
down! way Ratings stories. Russian phony their pushing falsely caught got they that now changes management big at looking is CNN News Fake
NEWS! FAKE do? they stories phony other the all about What resign. to forced employees 3 with "Russia" on story big retract to had CNN Wow
WIN! &amp; people American the for fighting keep will I Court. Supreme U.S. the of courtesy Safety and Security future America's for day Great
Hunt! Witch - statement his out Check election." American an rig could anyone that idea dismissed Obama 2016 In "Bombshell: @FoxNews From
SAFE! America keep must We Court. Supreme S. U. the from decision 9-O the for grateful Very
burn! &amp; crash OCare let just Perhaps easy! Not Democrats. the from help no with there get to hard very working are Senators Republican
apology! given be should I obstruction. no &amp; collusion no is There colluding. people T of "tapes" zero have they glass magnifying a ..under
Russia... at looking months 4 With meddling. Russian about August in informed being after NOTHING did Obama President that is story real The
good. no Hillary Crooked and Dems the did it and obstructed or colluded he "choke" didn't He boat." the "rock to want not did ...and
win.. would Clinton expected he that is meddling of CIA the by notified being after Russia about NOTHING did Obama President that reason The
ObamaCare! own complain.They and delay is do they All ideas. or policies no have they OBSTRUCTIONISTS but nothing become have Democrats The
Enjoy! - @foxandfriends on am I
Bernie! to Unfair collude? so to allowed she Is Sanders. Bernie Crazy beat to order in Party Democratic the with colluded Clinton Hillary
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
longer! any ObamaCare broken a suffer to people American the allow would Senators Republican fine very these that imagine cannot I
Hillary? hurt to want didn't They election. of meddling Russian on acting to came it when "choked" they said official Administration Obama
T! not them on Focus action? no why meddling were Russians the that Election 2016 the before way told was Administration Obama the Since
plan? your keep doctor your keep Remember 100%. over by increase deductibles &amp; premiums Obamacare as proposal healthcare GOP slam Democrats
WHY? it. about nothing Did Russia. by meddling election about 8th November of advance in far knew Administration Obama The out: Just
https://t.co/P1f12i9Gvt ADDRESS???? WEEKLY
https://t.co/G0k8nFWqNj promise… campaign my delivering law into Act #VAaccountability the sign to me for honor tremendous a was it Today
Nice! regulations. of amounts massive of rid gotten and support Democratic no with mostly Bills Legislative 38 signed and pass helped I've
Enjoy! @foxandfriends. on be Will
https://t.co/h5L4myWmam @MarineBand:… tradition. &amp; evening wonderful A Picnic. Congressional WH first our host to honored were I &amp; .@FLOTUS
https://t.co/Yqf6exhm7x #TeamScalise @SteveScalise! you of thinking all We're
https://t.co/MVJbs44AtR AGAIN!#AmericaFirst???? GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together
dead. is ObamaCare Remember special! really it making to forward Look #HealthcareBill. Senate the of supportive very am I
WALL! THE BUILD will We cause. the largely is trade Drug Syria. only after world the in country deadliest second the ranked just was Mexico
Operation"https://t.co/ki41GXeCMy York New in Members MS-13 39 Busts "@ICEgov continues. gang MS-13 the against campaign our promised As
recordings. such any have not do and make not did I but Comey James with conversations my of recordings or "tapes" are there ...whether
idea... no have I information of leaking illegal and unmasking intercepts surveillance electronic reported recently the of all With
stay! Chuck Cryin' let please and - Party Republican the for bad very be would That out. P Nancy force not do Democrats the hope certainly I
election! the losing for excuse and scam Dem big a all It's hasn't? still and FBI the to Server its over turn to REFUSE DNC the did ...Why
HOAX! Dem big a all It's election). to prior (long hacks against protect to offer DHS the down turn Committee National Democratic did ...Why
them? stop they didn't Why Admin. Obama the during place took all it Election 2016 the on hard so working was Russia if way the By
Russia. &amp; Trump between scheme grand no was there state to official intelligence top latest is Johnson Jeh Advisor Security Homeland Former
you! Thank people. special - Iowa in night Great
https://t.co/n6LS32a6Zn AGAIN… GREAT AMERICA MAKE 8pmE an for now Center Cellular U.S. the to Heading College. Community Kirkwood you Thank
#MAGA???? soon! everyone See Iowa. in landed Just
work! doesn't Obstruction CutsSecurity. HealthcareTax on Republicans with together got they if party a as better much do would Democrats
0 = spent money the all News Fake the All O! and 5 are AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE to want that those and over are Elections Special the Well
tonight! success your by honored all are We District. 5th Carolina's South of State Great the in win to race fantastic a ran Norman Ralph
you! of proud very all are we job Fantastic 6th. Georgia in win big her on Handel Karen to Congratulations
Election." Special Congressional Georgia in GOP and Trump President for win "Huge @FoxNews you Thank
H! Karen for great looking are Things
https://t.co/J1ulOd6pYQ Pence.??… @VP with today @WhiteHouse the to Ukraine of Poroshenko Petro President welcome to honor great a was It
tried! China know I least At out. worked not has it Korea North with help to China &amp; Xi President of efforts the appreciate greatly I While
https://t.co/Rvm11ZbPk7 Video: victim. latest its mourn we as regime Korean North the of brutality the condemns again once U.S. The
TODAY VOTE up! give never will who worker hard security-a strong healthcare great taxes lower for fight will She CONGRESS. FOR HANDEL KAREN
district. in live even doesn't security and crime on weak is and level highest the to taxes your raise to wants who Ossoff Jon Democrat
"R" Vote ideas. no obstruct only can They big! taxes raise to want Dems dead. is ObamaCare Carolina. South and Georgia in tomorrow day Big
https://t.co/EhrP4BiJeB https://t.co/8kmcA6YtFD statement: Full Warmbier. Otto of family the to condolences deepest our offer I and Melania
https://t.co/770OJj2uYb afternoon.??????????… this Panama from Varela Mrs. &amp; @JC_Varela President welcome to honor great my was It
#VoteKarenHandel. Tuesday On healthcare. kill and taxes raise to wants He there! live even doesn't he ....because
represent.... to wants he district the in vote even can't #GA06 in opponent Handel's Karen
#VoteKarenHandel. Tuesday On healthcare. kill &amp; taxes raise to wants He there! live doesn't he ....because
represent.... to wants he district the in vote even can't #GA06 in opponent Handle's Karen
tomorrow! #VoteRalphNorman healthcare. and security border great ....getting
and.... taxes cutting in me to help fantastic a be will District 5th SC's in Congress for running is who Norman Ralph
https://t.co/L3u5c8Iymh ??… families. their and #USSFitzgerald the of sailors @USNavy 7 the with are prayers and thoughts heartfelt My
H Karen for now Vote P's. in increases 100% with dead is ObamaCare Security.Their Border and healthcare good cuts tax stop to want Dems The
now. @foxandfriends on Sekulow Jay
do! they what of proud so are and well so it runs Military there. weekend the spent have to honor An place. special very a is David Camp
#'s! O's than higher Rating.That's Approval 50% Trump a with out just Election 2016 the in accurate most the of one Poll Rasmussen new The
works! in Cuts Tax and Healthcare Infrastructure and S.C.Justice new great signed bills legislative new 36 cuts regulation ...massive
enthusiasm.. business high jobs new Many Hunt. Witch the of distraction the despite well very doing is agenda AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE The
https://t.co/BBvmTFxVkk th… for allies Japanese our to you Thank families. their and Fitzgerald USS of sailors the with prayers and Thoughts
forget! not did I that promise campaign Another today. signed I what with happy very are friends Cuban/American my where Miami from Back
https://t.co/RVr9Dg2hXt Cuba"Memorandum… Toward States United the of Policy the Strengthening on Memorandum Presidential Security "National
https://t.co/hILCHbPJet https://t.co/jUWCjgxX5DTranscript:… Cuba"Video: Towards U.S.A. the of Policy the on Trump President by "Remarks
https://t.co/pirHR7lAyT #MAGA news! Great
Hunt Witch Director! FBI the fire to me told who man the by Director FBI the firing for investigated being am I
up! way enthusiasm and jobs down way Regulations great. are numbers jobs &amp; economic the America in on going Hunt Witch phony the Despite
them around go can I people! million 100 over - Media Social powerful very my be to out turned has what use I when hates Media News Fake The
Sad! proof. any show to able been has nobody Russians" the with "collusion my about hearings committee &amp; investigations of months 7 After
https://t.co/u8InOJTf6D #CongressionalBaseballGame??
https://t.co/L8o396yYKX Remarks… @GovWalker. &amp; @IvankaTrump w/ @WCTC at #WorkforceWeek for success great a was Tuesday Wisconsin! you Thank
obstruction? about talk they &amp; cleared- was she before days w/AG meet husband had &amp; emails 'bleached' hammer w/ phones destroyed H Crooked
are? non-dealings my but at looked not are Russia with dealings Dems and family Clintons Hillary that is Why
#MAGA people! conflicted and bad very some by led - history political American in HUNT WITCH greatest single the witnessing are You
Nice story. phony the on justice of obstruction for go they now so proof zero found story Russians the with collusion phony a up made They
Steve! for Pray fighter. real a is he but - shape tough very in is people great truly the of one Scalise Steve Rep. hospital. left Just
Commander-in-Chief! your be to Proud dedication. &amp; sacrifices bravery your for you Thank soldiers. our and ARMY U.S. to birthday Happy
him. with are prayers and thoughts Our recover. fully will but injured badly was patriot and friend true a Louisiana of Scalise Steve Rep.
people! great day Great Wisconsin. from back got Just
https://t.co/k45aci25BT lo… I veterans! for news GREAT is Act Protection Whistleblower and Accountability @DeptVetAffairs the of passage The
https://t.co/lEJ9S817yb #MAGA???? JOBS! JOBS JOBS discuss to Wisconsin in arrived Just
resist! = answer no have up gave Democrats Obstructionist spiral. death a in is It ObamaCare. of out dropped just people more million 2
reporting. is News Real the as made being progress Big JOBS! JOBS JOBS about talk to Wisconsin of State Great the to Heading
stories??? incorrect the of all for me to apology their is Where high. time all an at is News Fake
illegal! Totally protection. and pass free a Clinton Hillary purposes...gave political for decisions enforcement law made Lynch A.G.
S.C. country. our of history the in time dangerous a such at BAN TRAVEL the against Ruled - again it did Circuit 9th the predicted as Well
Sad! hate. of agenda their meet to sources phony and stories incorrect Purposely dirty. so or wrong so been never has Media News Fake The
https://t.co/F23NZoX2BI https://t.co/syJUGoMhHJ#NationalChampions?? ceremony: Tigers!Full @ClemsonFB 2016 the to Congratulations
https://t.co/b0roksHTFE br… and prosperity American restore can we team great this With today. meeting @Cabinet full first our held Finally
https://t.co/aIRllxNLQA Pennsylvania' in Opens Era Trump of Mine Coal New 'First Congratulations!
https://t.co/7lZGgDJkxZ shooting.… #PulseNightClub horrific the in today ago year one lives their lost who victims the FORGET NEVER will We
now! @foxandfriends on Ivanka
in! kicking now Orders Executive killing regulation &amp; bills many of passage the including work our of All economy. the on numbers Great
Enjoy! morning. tomorrow @foxandfriends on be will Ivanka daughter My
OBSTRUCTIONISTS! only are They #Obamacare. failing on not jobs on not taxes on not economics on not message no have Democrats The
'cowardly!' Very illegal? Totally possible. thought ever anyone than prevalent more far be will leaks Comey James the believe I
levels! record up- way enthusiasm economic and Business 4.3%. to down Unemployment added. jobs new 600000+ down. way Regulations up. ...way
sector... energy &amp; Drilling 19.5%. up #NASDAQ 16%. up #DOW Day. Election since news economic great the report doesn't MSM #FakeNews The
https://t.co/D5TbbjXcN3 #InfrastructureWeek… #AmericaFirst! put to Time schedule. of ahead and budget Under again. build to going is America
https://t.co/rGZCRyeCMZ to… time is It steel. &amp; aluminum iron American with &amp; workers American with country our in building start to Time
https://t.co/2b2bXwxGkA O… TY #AmericaFirst! put to yes &amp; dreams OUR restore to jobs OUR back bring to country OUR rebuild to time is It
https://t.co/5f6cN3HboQ Summit.… Infrastructure @WhiteHouse the to America around from leaders welcome and host to honor great A
https://t.co/1ds8BrzUQe God.… worship We government. worship don't we America In yesterday. Coalition @FaithandFreedom the join to honor An
GROWTH! law. financial Dodd-Frank 2010 the of parts major repeal to vote House successful on Republicans &amp; Hensarling Jeb to Congratulations
you! Thank others. many so and @foxandfriends by reporting Great
leaker! a is Comey WOW vindication...and complete and total lies and statements false many so Despite
Infrastructure! also &amp; Healthcare talk and victims ObamaCare with meet to OHIO of STATE GREAT the in Cincinnati for leave to ready Getting
follow. to Details FBI. the of Director new the be to credentials impeccable of man a Wray A. Christopher nominating be will I
vets. our for care substandard tolerate can’t We ASAP! desk my to bill this get should House The Act. Accountability VA the passed Senate
Watch??https://t.co/IMiZr22gAw Initiative Control Traffic Air of Announcement #ICYMI:
https://t.co/G03W8CEtCS @JohnCornyn… @GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan including leaders @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP with meeting Great
https://t.co/zhR24dMzYB #DDay… ago. years 73 Normandy of beaches the stormed that troops our of bravery and courage the remember we Today
terrorism! of horror the to end the of beginning the be will this Perhaps Qatar. to pointing was reference all and ...extremism
funding... on line hard a take would they said They off. paying already countries 50 and King the with visit Arabia Saudi the see to good So
WH winning chance ZERO had have would I nytimes or washpost CBS ABC NBC CNN of News Fake the on relied have would I if but folks Sorry
look! - Qatar to pointed Leaders Ideology. Radical of funding be longer no can there that stated I East Middle the to trip recent my During
out. message unfiltered and honest the get can I that hate They Media. Social use to not me get to trying hard so working is MSM FAKE The
right! it get must - hard pushing all are We Healthcare. and Cuts Tax concerning leadership Republican with today meeting Big
people! our protect us help won't that term correct politically some not countries DANGEROUS certain for BAN TRAVEL a need we right That's
https://t.co/NIIorkSRJN finally!??… - future the into travel air American take to Initiative Control Traffic Air an announced I Today
https://t.co/RnNp9q7Tdh ??… best! the deserve HEROES Our decades. in VETERANS our for wins biggest the of one is decision .@SecShulkin's
it! sell to hard working is MSM statement. alarmed" be to reason "no his on fast think to had who Khan Sadiq Mayor London by excuse Pathetic
approvals. Want OBSTRUCTIONISTS! but nothing are They Ambassadors. including people my approve to forever taking are Dems .@foxandfriends
political! and slow are courts The safe. country our keep help to order in U.S. the into coming people VETTING EXTREME are we event any In
version! tougher much seek &amp; - Court Supreme the before Ban Travel down watered the of hearing expedited an for ask should Dept. Justice The
S.C. to submitted they version correct politically down watered the not Ban Travel original the with stayed have should Dept. Justice The
BAN! TRAVEL a is it what and need we what it calling am I but want they whatever it call can courts the and lawyers the People
truck! a and knives used they because That's now? right debate gun a having not are we notice you Do
alarmed!" be to reason "no is there says London of Mayor and attack terror in wounded 48 and dead 7 least At
worse get only will it smart get don't we If people. our for security of business the to down get and correct politically being stop must We
BLESS! GOD YOU. WITH ARE WE - there be will we K. U. the and London in out help to do can States United the Whatever
safety! of level extra an as Ban Travel the need We rights. our back us give to courts the need We tough. and vigilant smart be to need We
https://t.co/DNzRZiKxhd #WeeklyAddress????
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????https://t.co/eJxeVZ3A1r
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/hL7OwbWzyi #AmericaFirst??????… field. playing level a America give to power my within everything do to is President as job My
https://t.co/sjb5VHLHYH @WhiteHouse.??https://t.co/9VOb99W42r the at live me Join
Administration. Obama the during place took that people of surveillance" and "unmasking the is story big The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE Garden. Rose House White The P.M. 3:00 at Thursday Accord Paris on decision my announcing be will I
DNC. &amp; Dems even &amp; Facebook Hits candidate. terrible a was she say to refuses herself but everybody blames now Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/6YbrIvJUCY afternoon. this @WhiteHouse the to Phúc Xuân Nguy?n Vietnam of Minister Prime the welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/FT4kyPoAl0 at:… more See partnerships. new form to and alliances long-standing strengthen to world the traveled We
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE days. few next the over Accord Paris the on decision my announcing be will I
$'s. saved Add bill. HEALTHCARE replace) &amp; (repeal new a pass and together get quickly can all people good Senators Republican Hopefully
Sick! this. with time hard a having are Barron son old year 11 my especially children My herself. of ashamed be should Griffin Kathy
Hunt! Witch Brennan..." John Comey James by testimony misleading or false "the showing by name his clear to wants now &amp; him against ...case
their.... away blows He testify. to him want don't Russia about Page Carter excoriated have who Democrats the that reported is it now So
Enjoy! ??? "covfefe" of meaning true the out figure can Who
covfefe press negative constant the Despite
doubt! no it do would Dems easy. and fast approved CUTS TAX and Healthcare get and immediately votes 51 to switch should Senate U.S. The
News. Fake the over taken has election the lost Dems the why for excuse lame a how &amp; U.S. the at laughing be must officials Russian
change will This U.S. for bad Very military. &amp; NATO on should they than LESS FAR pay they plus Germany with deficit trade MASSIVE a have We
morning. this later Cemetery National Arlington at Day Memorial this on women and men brave our to respects my paying to forward look I
USA! the bless God &amp; families your bless God you Thank serving. in sacrifice ultimate the made who women and men the remember we Today
hard! trying is China missile...but ballistic another yet off shooting by China neighbor their for disrespect great shown has Korea North
#MemorialDay???? brave. the of because free the of Home America. to service in sacrifice ultimate the made who women and men the Honoring
story! real the hear to America want don't they because media social of use my demeaning &amp; disparaging at hard works Media News Fake The
all! to benefits Big schedule. of ahead actually well very process the in along moving is submitted have I that CUTS/REFORM TAX massive The
better! much do will Republicans the - dead is ObamaCare anywhere. best the it make and Healthcare to dollars more add we that suggest I
details! full me Gave leaked. was Manchester about U.S. to gave U.K. the info the that angry very was May Minister Prime British
covered poorly was V won? Republican the until News Fake &amp; Dems to deal big a such was race Congressional Montana the how notice anyone Does
enemy! the is #FakeNews writers. news fake by up made are but exist don't sources those that possible very is ....it
covered poorly was V won? Republican the until News Fake &amp; Dems to deal big a such was race Congressional Montana the how notice anyone Does
enemy! the is #FakeNews writers. news fake by up made are but exsist don't sources those that possible very is ....it
names.... mention don't they and media news fake the in say' 'sources words the see you Whenever
media. #FakeNews the by up made lies fabricated are House White the of out coming leaks the of many that opinion my is It
results! big but work Hard America. for success great a was Trip Europe. from returned Just
Republicans! for Montana in win Big
We Republicans! for Montana in win Big
U.S. to fair not more pay must they nations other Told Brussels. in meeting NATO successful very a having after Italy in arrived Just
JOBS! JOBS JOBS mean will which - East Middle the from U.S.A. the to back dollars of billions of hundreds Bringing
necessary. if action major take Will June. in released be to aluminum- and steel of analysis 232 @CommerceGov the reading to forward look I
field." playing level truly a foster practices....to trade-distorting all of removal the for push ...."we
where.... trade on especially everything on meetings great Had #G7Summit. the left Just
week! next Accord Paris the on decision final my make will I
stronger. much be will NATO in- pour to beginning is Money should. they as considerably payments up step to agreed have countries NATO Many
#G7Taormina terrorism. is course of list the on First discussion. under matters important very of Lots today. meetings G7 Big
https://t.co/EhvWgjkRrY Mattarella.… Sergio President evening and dinner wonderful a for you thank myself and Melania @FLOTUS of behalf On
evil??https://t.co/haeuvCIF6I this defeat &amp; confront to life value who all to up is it civilization- against war a in engaged are Terrorists
security. and terrorism growth economic including issues many on leaders G7 engage to ready Getting
jobs. of millions and dollars of billions many USA the saved and made We successful. very been has Trip G7. the for Italy in arrived Just
https://t.co/l7aXolKBiK #USA???? #G7Summit Melania. @FLOTUS with Taormina in arrived Just
https://t.co/42vCwr5GkA #USA???? AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we Together support. your for you Thank
https://t.co/YNZV3bTekB #NATO resolve.#NATOMeeting and remembrance both for day a is ceremony Today's
https://t.co/1AvYSameD4 afternoon! this Belgium Brussels to welcome warm the for you Thank
https://t.co/Jhe7SROaxD PEAC… pursue to ever than determined more Vatican the leave I Francis. Pope Holiness His meet to lifetime a of Honor
peace. in and safety in live to citizens our of right sacred the and life human protect to together join must nations civilized All
#NATO. and #G7 then Pope &amp; Vatican to Heading well. Doing PEACE. for hard Trying great. were East Middle the and Arabia Saudi Israel
@PresidentRuvi. and @Netanyahu Minister Prime visit unforgettable and wonderful a such for you Thank
https://t.co/X6fUUxxYXE Kingdom. United the of people the with solidarity absolute in stand We
https://t.co/Z5YCpaRV6t invitation… the for you thank myself and Melania @FLOTUS of behalf on @PresidentRuvi- and @Netanyahu Minister Prime
https://t.co/WdDEOiV6oS #POTUSAbroad???? #RiyadhSummit
#POTUSAbroad ??https://t.co/VtmlSqciXx#RiyadhSummit ??https://t.co/eUWxJXJxbeReplay Summit American Islamic Arab at transcript Speech
https://t.co/ZTV9F639xM HEROES… true our States- United the serve to continue and served have who women &amp; servicemen BRAVE the to you Thank
https://t.co/JJOra0KfyR #POTUSAbroad ahead. evening and afternoon the to forward Looking Arabia. Saudi Riyadh in be to Great
https://t.co/HIQoFuc5cy #WeeklyAddress??????https://t.co/UYEhgch4Hl
do! to like I what that's - interests American protecting strongly be Will trip. foreign big my for ready Getting
https://t.co/EcCsGaizWu #PoliceWeek"Proclamation??… as 5/20/2017 through 5/14/2017 Proclaims Trump J. Donald "President
https://t.co/uWfiQEdsaY Conf??… Press today!????????Joint House White the to Colombia of Santos Manuel Juan President welcome to honor great A
appointed! counsel special a never was there Administration Obama &amp; campaign Clinton the in place took that acts illegal the of all With
history! American in politician a of hunt witch greatest single the is This
appointed! councel special a never was there Administration Obama &amp; campaign Clinton the in place took that acts illegal the of all With
https://t.co/ehQanQXiSy 2017!… of Class the to CONGRATULATIONS @USCGAcademy. the at #CGACommencement17 the deliver to honor great my was It
https://t.co/4BWjOCgnNv today! @WhiteHouse the to Erdogan Tayyip Recep Turkey of President the welcome to honor great a was It
https://t.co/S0Z4SEIRhi April' in Surged Production Industrial 'U.S.
community..... intelligence the in LEAKERS the find to administration my of beginning the from others &amp; Comey Director asking been have I
terrorism. &amp; ISIS against fight their up step greatly to Russia want I plus reasons Humanitarian safety. flight airline and terrorism ...to
pertaining.... facts do to right absolute the have I which meeting) W.H. scheduled openly an (at Russia with share to wanted I President As
https://t.co/UMJ6hklx4a https://t.co/o4IXVfZuHw Proclamation: and#PoliceWeek #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay
https://t.co/3EioVDCTqb #NationalPoliceWeekWatch… Service. Memorial Officers' Peace National Annual 36th the at remarks delivered I Today
#MothersDay Happy friends! and family with ahead day wonderful a there out mothers great the of all and Melania @FLOTUS Wishing
https://t.co/87RYOPwBiY it.… earned you've and day your is This 2017! of Class the to Congratulations @LibertyU. back be to thrilled was I
Enjoy! night). (Saturday P.M. 9:00 at @FoxNews on @JudgeJeanine by interviewed be Will
We
https://t.co/1iW7tVVNCH #WeeklyAddress??????https://t.co/uT4K4fh88Y
https://t.co/wFrRsK2wuo Watch… #TARC Challenge! Rocketry America Team the @ luck Good School. Center Christian Victory the welcomed I Today
https://t.co/wNVB0PYoef hel… say by stop to honor an was It WH. the of Room East the in Event Day Mother's Military a hosted @FLOTUS Today
news! REAL is This again. once China into products major other and beef sell to allowed be will U.S. the that agreed just China
end? it does when collusion no is there says hunt witch the of knowledge with else everyone virtually and himself Clapper James When
press! the to leaking starts he before conversations our of "tapes" no are there that hope better Comey James
accuracy??? of sake the for responses written out hand and briefings" "press future all cancel to be would do to thing best the ...Maybe
accuracy!.... perfect with podium at stand to surrogates my for possible not is it happening things of lots with President active very a As
today! overtime working is Media Fake The
election. the losing for excuse an as Dems by fabricated was campaign Trump &amp; Russians the between collusion was there that story the Again
https://t.co/hm4U54DCQO Pavlo… Ukraine of FM the and Lavrov Sergei Minister Foreign Russian with meetings had I day- same the on Yesterday
election. the losing for EXCUSE Democrat a over apart itself tears U.S. the as watching sleeves their up laughing be must Russia
https://t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ Rosie. something on agree finally We
https://t.co/kVG8r7qZS5 Integrity'??… Election on Commission Advisory Presidential of Establishment the on Order Executive 'Presidential
https://t.co/kQDBvXPekk Infrastructure'… Critical and Networks Federal of Cybersecurity the Strengthening on Order Executive 'Presidential
https://t.co/UfbKEECm2V disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp a is This ashamed. be should Democrats The
hypocrites! Phony aggrieved. be to PRETEND they fired been has he that Now Comey. Dir. about months &amp; months for complaining been have Dems
decision. my with do to nothing had - time long a in Roger to spoken not Have News. Fake - false is @CNN on report Stone Roger The
acts. his for investigated is who one the be should He jury. &amp; judge is he now forgiveness...and for begged and baby a like cried he caught
When.... there. never was he except - Vietnam in conquests and bravery great his of talk would Blumenthal Connecticut in pol a as years
For.... history. U.S. in frauds military greatest the of one devised "Richie" joke. a is Comey of speak Blumenthal Richard Senator Watching
me! thanking be will they down calm things When alike. Democrat and Republican Washington in everyone almost of confidence the lost Comey
FBI. the of prestige and spirit the back bringing job better far a do will who someone by replaced be will Comey James
sad! so play they now but fired be should he that fact the including Comey James about things worst the of some said have Democrats The
#draintheswamp indignant. so acts Then longer." any Comey) (James him in confidence have not do "I recently stated Schumer Chuck Cryin'
recovery'https://t.co/txFZDYYIOe the of levels highest to rise hires openings 'Manufacturing
https://t.co/sAUJfIZCwR teachers!… all thank and honor we Today month. last WH the to Year the of Teachers the welcome to honor an was It
#FakeNews! this? on report media the doesn't Why surveillance. on is Yates &amp; Clapper between today story Biggest
end? charade funded taxpayer this will when hoax total a is story collusion Russia-Trump The
news! old but nothing said she --- today unhappy extremely media fake the made Yates Sally
Trump. and Russia w/ collusion of evidence" "no is there knows- already media fake the including everybody what reiterated Clapper Director
https://t.co/ohXXgTNtWB Pence.… Mike @VP with today @WhiteHouse the to Kvirikashvili Giorgi Minister Prime Georgia welcome to Honored
Counsel. W.H. to it explained she after soon newspapers the into got information classified how knows she if oath under Yates Sally Ask
Council. W.H. to it explained she after soon newspapers the into got information classified how knows she if oath under Yates Sally Ask
that. about talking likes seldom News Fake the but - Administration Obama the by clearance security highest the given was Flynn General
again! winner a now and - up gave never who guy great a is John yesterday. win big his on @PGA_JohnDaly to Congratulations
U.S. in sold that's big product Tax employees. their Fired Mexico. to move to Administration Obama the during deal a made Indiana of Rexnord
him! with working to forward much very look I France. of President next the as today win big his on Macron Emmanuel to Congratulations
dead! is it and lie a was it - up way are deductibles and premiums ObamaCare down! people American the let not will Senators Republican
investigate? or server their check to FBI the allow wouldn't DNC the why &amp; Russia with dealings Dems the about ask Media Fake the will When
Meetings! disruptive. and expensive more much is NYC in staying that is community beautiful a J. N. Bedminster in staying am I reason The
work! to beginning all is It - today report jobs Great
dead! It's lives? their for fleeing are companies insurance that and legs last its on is Ocare reports rarely News Fake the that it is Why
Ocare! than better possible.Far as bad as look victory Healthcare Republican the make to power its in everything did media News Fake Wowthe
https://t.co/4qckKpbtCR #WeeklyAddress????
https://t.co/UR0eetSEnO JOBS! JOBS JOBS
great. be soon will healthcare our But dead! is ObamaCare does. --everybody do we than healthcare better have Australians the course Of
money! country saves Also weekend. this N.J. Bedminster in home my of out working be will I N.Y.C. in disruption big a causing than Rather
healthcare! great truly have will we 2 Phase of inclusion the with together comes everything when But exciting! very - House the in win Big
https://t.co/foMUec7EAE the… of Anniversary 75th the marking in him join &amp; America to @TurnbullMalcolm Australia of PM welcome to honor An
https://t.co/0TnmLn55Lm ObamaCare.… of replace &amp; repeal a is that plan great a is This America! of States United the for day GREAT a was It
vote! after immediately House White the of Garden Rose beautiful the at conference press big a having be will Republicans victorious If
healthcare! great be and - deductibles &amp; premiums lower will plan healthcare Our dead. is it - ObamaCare fleeing are companies Insurance
lie." ObamaCare down" go will premiums &amp; plan your keep can you doctor you keep can "you the defend to trying Democrats the watching am I
https://t.co/b8j1tWZJuv LIVE:… #NationalDayofPrayer a for now us Join night. last WH the at here Leaders Religious with evening Beautiful
year'https://t.co/5YnzDitF8r this plans INDV on losses expected citing 2018 in VA in markets Obamacare exit will spiral!'Aetna Death
hike. ratings unbelievable its on @foxandfriends to Congratulations
this! like time a been never - attention get to order in anything say or do will They control. of out officially is media News Fake The
good! Not officials. transition Trump unmasking of ...allegations
on..... week next Subcommittee Senate a before testify to refusing is Obama President to Advisor Security National former the Rice Susan
https://t.co/eyHLFZbKhn th… between it out come could terrific something Hopefully today. WH the at Abbas Mahmoud President host to honor An
https://t.co/B8VxVsYNHA the… at @BetsyDeVosED Secretary @usedgov and Pence @VP by hosted event #SchoolChoice a by stop to honor an was It
campaign? great a ran just Trump Perhaps election. the losing for justification as Democrats the by used excuse an was story ...Trump/Russia
phony... The deeds! bad many for pass free a her gave he that in Clinton Hillary to happened ever that thing best the was Comey Director FBI
https://t.co/HyxxFCfaUh Watch:… Falcons! Force Air great the Trophy Commander-in-Chief's the of winners the to Congratulations
mess! fix to September in "shutdown" good a needs country Our 51%. to now rules the change or 2018 in Senators Republican more elect either
We.... there! not are which Senate the in votes 60 need we that is Democrats and Republicans the between negotiated plan the for reason The
happen! it let have never Would angry. was and coming it saw started War Civil the before years 16 died who Jackson Andrew President
https://t.co/2iEten4SVl EO2:… https://t.co/XJggnJAiPi country.EO1: our in wealth &amp; jobs keep help to EO's two signed I Saturday On #ICYMI-
https://t.co/rEJi9ahOaY Nation. our enrich that Islanders Pacific &amp; Americans Asian of contributions the celebrate we month This
conditions! pre-existing of care taking time same the at while deductibles &amp; premiums lower much have Will way. its on is plan ...healthcare
donors....New out bail to Companies Insurance to go to billions want Dems dead. is ObamaCare because ObamaCare to anything compare can't You
U.S. for best what's in not and themselves in interested only are obstruction.They of party the become have leader a without Democrats The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE people. and crowd Fantastic Pennsylvania! of State Great the in night last excitement Big
day! great a Have A.M. 10:00 at morning this @FaceTheNation on interviewed be will I
optimism! great &amp; borders strong signings legislative 28 including achievements of list long our state to refuses media (FAKE) Mainstream
energy! big crowd Big 7:30. at tonight Pennsylvania of State Great the in RALLY to forward Looking
Lou! you Thank history" presidential recent in unmatched are successes Trump's "President that stated just .@LouDobbs
Bad! today. missile a unsuccessfully though launched it when President respected highly its &amp; China of wishes the disrespected Korea North
Enjoy! 7pm. at tonight @FoxNews on @MarthaMaccallum by interviewed be will I
VETS! our love We started. just have we and quickly so done much so been never has There A. V. the with progress tremendous making are We
https://t.co/UQ6VNCyhlj @DeptVetAffairs:… the at Protection Whistleblower and Accountability Improving on Order Executive an signed I Today
https://t.co/GnKoVz9GTO Security:… National to Threats and Imports Aluminum re: @SecretaryRoss @CommerceGov the for Memorandum Presidential
https://t.co/gR3EPznu1H t… to Awada Juliana Lady First and @MauricioMacri President Argentina welcome to honored were I and Melania .@FLOTUS
Terrible! government. the down shut and them close to threaten Democrats - Parks National our in vacations summer for prepare families As
borders. our through pour to illegals want they now — security border support to used Democrats
#AmericaFirst???? put to time is It companies. insurance from donors their out bail to troops our of safety the jeopardizing Democrats
Democrats. the Ask companies? insurance out bailing or - military our Rebuilding important? more What's
Politics! government. the down shut to want Democrats border. our secure and military our rebuild to promise I
healthcare. their blocking are Democrats the while miners our help to want I
NO! failure. OCare for companies insurance their to billions give and Rico Puerto out bail don't we if government shut to want Democrats The
possible! very good-deal are Relationships NAFTA. terminate then will we all for deal fair a reach not do we if that fact the to ...subject
agreed.. I terminate. than rather NAFTA renegotiate to asking Canada of Minister Prime the and Mexico of President the from calls received I
Sad! dollars. tax your with Rico Puerto and #ObamaCare disastrous from companies insurance out bail to trying are Democrats
https://t.co/pUGl7RDoVX fro… Year the of Teacher the as well as Year the of Teacher National the recognize &amp; welcome to honor great great A
https://t.co/YYafFQncbC EO:… Education. of Control Federal on Prohibitions Statutory Enforcing on Order Executive an signed I Today
https://t.co/Eq6JDzMqTY Act… Antiquities the Under Designations of 'Review @Interior: of Dept. U.S. the @ Order Executive an signed I Today
https://t.co/np7KYHglSv https://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ Melania! @FLOTUS our to BIRTHDAY HAPPY
badly. very economy the hurt deficits Trade 1.6%. only up GDP (2016). years five in growth economic slowest its recorded U.S. The
system. Messy shopping!" "judge this call to used They 80%). to (close overturned being of record terrible a has which Circuit Ninth ...the
... in brought is case "sanctuary" the now and case "ban" the both that notice everyone does choices many with country big very our of Out
Court! Supreme the in you See rulings. ridiculous cities-both sanctuary on again hits it now &amp; ban the against rules Circuit Ninth the First
https://t.co/LVMjZ9Ax0U Order:… America'Executive in Prosperity Rural and Agriculture Promoting on Order Executive 'Presidential
https://t.co/BJbI6ZtGo7 remarks:… Full Remembrance. of Days National Museum's Memorial Holocaust States United the at Remarks
etc. trafficking human drugs stop help and built get will It WALL. the on position my changed have I that you tell media fake the let Don't
Watch! this. for stand not will We difficult. very states border other and Wisconsin in farmers dairy our for business made has Canada
https://t.co/e6Uajrm8zp W20! the at speak her hearing to forward Looking issues. important these on leadership her for @IvankaTrump of Proud
https://t.co/vrqqFDi8En at… night last statement My #ICYMI- https://t.co/762SqgdLMV Proclamation: Remembrance Holocaust the signed I Today
spiral! death a in is ObamaCare down. tumbling start will premiums and healthcare real see will you approved is plan healthcare our If
https://t.co/AUdJgxXiT4 today:… Earlier #CongratsPeggy! hashtag the using by @AstroPeggy @NASA's congratulating in me Join
be!#BuildTheWall should it way the fixed be NEVER will situation drug the be will it which built not is wall ....the
https://t.co/e1q36nKT8g #CongratsPeggy!
If others)! many (and youth our poisoning and country our into pouring from drugs stopping in tool important very a is Wall The
Watch! E. General in wrong totally were info positive very some containing while NBC &amp; ABC yesterday released polls news fake two The
leader. strong said 53% &amp; me on vote their by stand all almost said election) on big (wrong Poll Post News/Washington ABC vote. ...popular
..... in Hillary beat still Would negative. always almost and FAKE is media the of much that considering good very are today out polls New
wall. border needed badly the for form some in paying be will Mexico early started get can we so date later a at but Eventually
members. gang 13 MS bad very and drugs stop will it that fact the despite wall border to going budget from money want don't Democrats The
thought. have would anyone than sooner far dies it otherwise - going it keep to money big need Dems The trouble. serious in is ObamaCare
@foxandfriends Florida. Worth Lake you Thank
France. in place taking currently election interesting Very
matter! Jobs protection. environmental enhances growth economic that remember always but clean water and air our keeping to committed am I
nation. our of beauty natural the preserving to committed stand We land. and lakes forests beautiful our celebrate we Day Earth on Today
Wednesday. next announced be will REDUCTION TAX AND REFORM TAX Big
it! to forward Look Pennsylvania. in rally BIG a holding be will I night Saturday Next
Americans! greatest and bravest our seeing to forward Looking Melania. with Center Medical Reed Walter visit to ready Getting
https://t.co/UZPKjqoGZY to… first their players the and Belichick Coach Kraft Bob give to honor my was it 2002 since victories SB 5 After
https://t.co/dpE6hDzlAt Order:… Executive Burdens' Regulatory Tax Reducing and Identifying on Order Executive 'Presidential
https://t.co/CR4I8dvunc AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA???? HOME WELCOME
will they problem Korean North the solve to want they if easy is nothing while so Korea North to lifeline economic the much very is China
kill! will media S.C.) (including lot a been has it &amp; days 100 first the of standard ridiculous the during accomplish I much how matter No
election! presidential on effect big a have Will this. of more much take not will France of people The Paris. in attack terrorist Another
https://t.co/lJAvEZJV1F Conference… Press Joint #ICYMI- afternoon! this House White the at Italy of Gentiloni Paolo PM host to honor great A
https://t.co/QYjWx9K4YY ??… deals. all in first come to going are we labor American use to going we're steel American use to going We're
W.H. to visit Patriots England New concerning lie big a in caught got just years two for wrong me calling been has which @nytimes Failing
https://t.co/tQ5XEPaIxn Congratulations!… today. House White the at @Patriots England New Champion @SuperBowl the host to honor great A
https://t.co/0sMv4sPrmf Watch… #S544 @WhiteHouse. the @ Act Improvement &amp; Extension Program Choice HEROES) (OUR Veterans the signed I Today
https://t.co/JPEXQTVR1E #BuyAmericanHireAmerican????
20th. June on Georgia vs. Hollywood now is It Handel! Karen job Great Georgia. in failing now are and Kansas in failed Dems
help! of be to Glad Georgia. in runoff with win "R" BIG candidates Republican eleven and support media FAKE money outside major Despite
https://t.co/rf9aivVb7g #BuyAmericanHireAmerican????Watch??https://t.co/AUqYcrgeyn
vote! and out get Republicans district. the in live even doesn't Georgia in Congress for running is who @Ossoff Jon that learned Just
A. 2nd &amp; crime on bad taxes-very your raise will Ossoff Dem win! easy and runoff Force 6. Georgia in VOTE and today out get must Republicans
NO Say taxes. higher wants and jobs for bad immigration illegal and crime on weak VERY Congress. in disaster a be would Ossoff Jon Democrat
Enjoy! A.M. 6:00 at starting @ainsleyearhardt by @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
fast! them removing are We U.S. across cities in form to gangs 13 MS bad allowed Admin. Obama the of policies immigration illegal weak The
safety! &amp; taxes lower for "R" Vote win. a be will runoff a Congress for Tuesday) (on Georgia in running candidates Republican eleven With
area'https://t.co/JUxhO3oqjO Milwaukee in optimism small-business spurs Wisconsin!'Trump tomorrow you See
50%https://t.co/vjZkGTyQb9 HITS APPROVAL TRUMP
taxes! raise and immigration illegal allow criminals protect to wants tomorrow race Congressioal Georgia the in Democrat Liberal super The
truth! the to them hold to have We slanted. badly is story Every election. the since worse even gotten has Media) Real (not Media Fake The
Knowles. J. Michael by DEMOCRATS" FOR VOTE TO "REASONS enjoyment: reading your for book great A
@foxandfriends true. So policy!" foreign of years eight last the of failure total the exposed has presidency my of days 90 first "The
Georgia-BAD! with game same the play they Now won. Republicans the until event media big really a was (Congress) election Kansas recent The
choice! no have we Frankly before. ever than stronger becoming rapidly is and building is military Our
over! is election The yesterday. rallies organized small the for paid who into look should Someone
again? up brought are Returns Tax Now College! Electoral the won Republican-easily a for do to thing impossible an almost an was what did I
everyone! to Easter Happy
happens! what see will We problem? Korean North the on us with working are they when manipulator currency a China call I would Why
https://t.co/B2NQzj53ft https://t.co/tpZ7eqJLUH Address- Weekly
https://t.co/ZtC14AJ0xs afternoon! this House White the to responders first heroic Atlanta's welcome to honor great a was It
peace! lasting be will there &amp; senses their to come will everyone time right the At Russia. and U.S.A. the between fine out work will Things
U.S.A. will! allies its with U.S. the so do to unable are they If Korea. North with deal properly will China that confidence great have I
again! great America making truly are We restored. being are justice and order law plummeting is immigration illegal returning are Jobs
happening! are changes Big regulations. on jobs on energy on border the on - promises our keeping are we one by One
#AmericaFirst Workers. American the for up stand and creation job sector private of power the unleash we as soaring is confidence Economic
https://t.co/G9TdjWezmH on… focus &amp; share fair their pay to countries getting of importance the on agreed We Gen. Sec. NATO w/ meeting Great
victory! predicted &amp; heavily spent who Dems the against race Congressional the winning easily Estes Ron for night last Kansas in win Great
Korea. North of menace the concerning China of President the with night last call good very a Had
Enjoy! @FoxBusiness. A.M. 6:00 at @MariaBartiromo by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/pmGIL08OpP States.… United the around from CEO's top and Secretaries Cabinet my with today Forum CEO Policy &amp; Strategic Great
(Reform). Cuts Tax &amp; Healthcare on help his need I guy wonderful A Kansas. of State Great the in Congress for TODAY running is Estes Ron
U.S.A. them! without problem the solve will we not If great. be would that help to decides China If trouble. for looking is Korea North
problem! Korean North the solve they if them for better far be will U.S. the with deal trade a that China of President the to explained I
#ChagSameach world. the around and Israel America of States United the in celebrating everyone to Passover Happy
https://t.co/RM9lfTaePS Americ… for day great A Court. Supreme States United the to elevation his on Gorsuch Neil Justice to Congratulations
https://t.co/oD7L8vPgjq #USA @USNavy! you Thank
properly. situation handle will Sisi Al President that ...confidence
great... have I condemns. strongly U.S. Egypt. in attack terrorist the of hear to sad So
him! of proud Very Justice. great a be will He A.M. 11:00 at Monday on House White the of Garden Rose the at in sworn be will Gorsuch Judge
top)! and in (fill fix quickly to inexpensive and easy are they that is runways hit generally don't you reason The
attack. Syria the in well so world the and States United the representing for women and men military great our to Congratulations
trade. on tell will time only but formed was friendship and ...goodwill
Tremendous... States. United the in guests our as China of Liyuan Peng Madame and Jinping Xi President have to honor great a was It
https://t.co/u5AI1pupVV @VP… @FLOTUS with today @WhiteHouse the at #SoldierRideDC @WWP the from heroes American our host to honor an was It
https://t.co/B5Qbn6llzE JOBS!https://t.co/XGOQPHywrt JOBS JOBS
https://t.co/GxrOR3ALCE for… support long-standing America's strengthening to &amp; relationship strong our preserving to committed deeply am I
https://t.co/6lRuQZZHrc deliver! will we - optimism &amp; spirit Tremendous #NABTU2017. with jobs talk to Great
https://t.co/dJlZvlq6Tj #NABTU2017… speak. to invite w/an me honoring for Presidents of Board Governing entire the &amp; McGarvey Sean you Thank
https://t.co/XHfQ6zmF2H #CEOTownHall??https://t.co/ADSKuUXf1b .@WhiteHouse
https://t.co/9mRaGvcPHz betwe… partnership historic the renew we as @WhiteHouse the to Egypt of Sisi Al President welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/QLC0qFD94x Th… on @WhiteHouse the to Ride Soldier (@WWP) Project Warrior Wounded the from heroes our hosting to forward Looking
relationship. wonderful and long a to forward look I States United the of behalf On Egypt. of al-Sisi President meet to ready Getting
@FBI unprecedented." is This Trump. to close people and Trump of surveillance electronic was "There sources: multiple from .@FoxNews
asking! Just debate? the to answers the receiving for apologize ever Clinton Hillary Did
know? Hillary Did lifted? Russia on sanctions the get to money big paid Podesta John of brother the Was
story. real The nomination." before on "Spied @foxandfriends. by us against scheme crooked the and unmasking on reporting amazing Such
https://t.co/tR3hqqyWvv #LIUB.… &amp; us Join #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. for evening this @WhiteHouse the up light to honored are I and Melania
leakers. the Find LEAKING! and SURVEILLANCE be to out turns story real The
struck. hopefully is deal a as time such until continue will and on going been have and are ObamaCare Replacing and Repealing on Talks
Party! R in strength and love the know not does dead is ObamaCare of Replace &amp; Repeal that thinks who media) News Fake (especially Anybody
https://t.co/AQQzmt10x7 #AmericaFirst???? put to continues Administration my as better even get will -- @JCLayfield you Thank
U.S. for sad be Would bigger. much get not does true is this If nominated." was he before on spied team Trump Russia. with associated ..not
unmasked.... Some responsible. is official Intel Known up. high is unmasking behind "Official Source: news. big reporting just @FoxNews Wow
Dems. or Republicans with either however happen will things Good dead. is Ocare words other In plans." health buy to subsidies ...use
to.. customers ObamaCare for way no be will there plans offers company insurance no where places "In - it gets finally @nytimes failing The
scam! total A story. Russia phony the pushing now is that Trump" for victory to path "no is there said that Media News Fake same the is It
story? Trump/Russia Fake the with stop and SCANDAL SURVEILLANCE Obama the about talking start @NBCNews and Todd Chuck Eyes Sleepy will When
https://t.co/dzPKJMghj1 put… to time is It worker. American the for field playing level a create &amp; industry our defend to going are We
https://t.co/cVWXOa1MjY ??… Years' 20 in Optimism of Level Highest Showing Survey Manufacturing American Celebrates 'Trump
https://t.co/tP4bkvTOBq #ConfirmGorsuch country!#WeeklyAddress our for time exciting an is It
https://t.co/WkqHYMcYa3 #SCOTUS #ConfirmGorsuch
https://t.co/ZuriIC3YwG #USA???? Rice! Condoleezza State of Secretary former today woman wonderful a with meeting Great
https://t.co/N1g0TiVnSp yes… @WhiteHouse the to {@larsloekke} Rasmussen Løkke Lars Denmark of Minister Prime the welcome to honor an was It
proportion! historic of Dems &amp; media by loss) election big for (excuse hunt witch a is this that in immunity for ask should Flynn Mike
https://t.co/cxhgYaxiek #MakeAmericaGreatAgain????… to able truly be we will society our in women of potential full the enlisting by Only
alternatives. other at look to prepared be must companies American losses. job ...and
deficits... trade massive have longer no can we that in one difficult very a be will China with week next meeting The
#Obamacare @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace and @Jim_Jordan @RepMarkMeadows are Where
reform. &amp; cuts tax massive and healthcare great both have would we board on get would @Raul_Labrador and @Jim_Jordan @RepMarkMeadows If
reform. &amp; cuts tax massive and healthcare great both have would we board on get would Raul_Labrador and @Jim_Jordan @RepMarkMeadows If
https://t.co/Y2vTnIBTBZ #Obamacare. end me helping are Caucus Freedom the in some like Looks @RepKenBuck. from op-ed Great
https://t.co/QIqLgvYLLi laws? libel Change years. solid two for wrong me Gotten world. media the disgraced has @nytimes failing The
2018! in Dems &amp; them fight must We fast. &amp; team the on get don't they if agenda Republican entire the hurt will Caucus Freedom The
https://t.co/deOHapcV4J Day.#ThankAVeteran… Veterans War Vietnam National first-ever the on heroes American true our honored we Today
https://t.co/phLPw8lgTu @WhiteHouse.… the at afternoon this Panel Empowerment Women's the by stop to honored were I and Melania .@FLOTUS
https://t.co/ooF2ediqSt session??… listening Watch crisis. opioid the and addiction drug combating on commission a established EO Today's
media! certain by covered is administration my inaccurately and viciously how see only could country great our of people the If
worse! Now wrong. so was coverage their because election the after right subscribers its to apologized @nytimes failing the when Remember
Uranium? of sale - Clinton to Russia from money or @FoxNews by covered as Russia to ties Podesta about talk News Fake doesn't Why
https://t.co/XT12jqoIqj https://t.co/EG02Fdlkba here: #MadeInTheUSA????Watch ENERGY! AMERICAN IN ERA NEW A
https://t.co/VHzTB4c69h fo… YOU THANK Sessions. General Attorney &amp; Pence @VP with today @WhiteHouse the to @GLFOP welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/ATy8R3knS2 honest! were they if better much do would @NYTimes failing The
Russia! and Podesta on now @foxandfriends Watch
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! U.S. to back coming companies Car plants. Michigan three in made be to investment Major today. Ford by announcement Big
shape! good very in are we worry not Do long. not - folds ObamaCare as soon as healthcare on me with deal a make will Democrats The
win! a for ready were they years bad many so After victory. of jaws the from defeat snatch to able was Caucus Freedom House Republican The
#MAGA! hoax. a is story Russia Trump Company. Russian Podesta or Hillary by Russia of praise "reset" Russian Hillary the Bill to ...money
speech.... Russian Russia to go to Uranium big allowed that deal Hillary &amp; Bill the into looking Committee Intelligence House the isn't Why
anymore. in come to trying even not are Many down. way are Numbers border. the at job great a doing is Kelly General
Ocare! &amp; Parenthood Planned saved have Heritage and Growth For Club of help the with Caucus Freedom the that D.C. in smiling are Democrats
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE all will We support. Amazing today. Rallies Trump the of all for you Thanks
P.M. 9:00 at tonight @FoxNews on @JudgeJeanine Watch
worry! not Do PEOPLE. THE for plan healthcare great a together piece and together get all will we and explode will ObamaCare
https://t.co/Sw5ea1OwUf ??https://t.co/juAB1RmMh0 heroes! our to #MedalOfHonorDay Happy
https://t.co/nWJ1hNmzoR YOU… THANK years. 4 next the over JOBS AMERICAN 20K &amp; BILLION $25 of commitment a announce to thrilled was I Today
https://t.co/GWNo2XAueg grea… A #KeystonePipeline. the for permit presidential the of approval official the announce to pleased was I Today
plan! this stop they if continue to P.P. allows Parenthood Planned against and pro-life very is which Caucus Freedom the that is irony The
plan! great a for chance your finally is this healthcare) bad deductibles &amp; premiums (skyrocketing ObamaCare of years horrible seven After
https://t.co/M1veooVBNE today! @WhiteHouse the to leaders industry trucking and truckers many so welcome to honor an was It
https://t.co/5lsrDJXfzb #PassTheBill… #AHCA. support you them tell &amp; Rep your Contact #Obamacare! #RepealANDReplace to action taking are We
friends. and family his with are condolences and prayers My attack. terror London the in killed was Cochran Kurt American great A
dishonesty! Such ABC. and NBC on story Russia so-called the of reports news fake and biased totally the watched Just
well. very doing and strong is She London. in attack terrorist the on condolences offer to today May Theresa Minister Prime U.K. to Spoke
hard! Working healthcare. for day Big
https://t.co/IpGRhly2zj ingrained… are dedication &amp; work hard Their ranchers. &amp; farmers American great our honor we #NationalAgDay on Today
https://t.co/Z5VwluvJQx the… in astronauts and engineers scientists @NASA's support we legislation this With today. S.442 sign to Honored
https://t.co/3swdFWGQtP #MAGA????… #PassTheBill https://t.co/03e4YBIWr0 Capitol. U.S. the at morning this Conference @HouseGOP the Joined
https://t.co/qGgWEWUvek AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we Together Kentucky. Louisville you Thank
https://t.co/3QsBsib6kt #MAGA???? way! my on Kentucky- Louisville you Thank
https://t.co/s0T3cTQc40 you! of two the for happy and proud Very Lara. &amp; Eric Congratulations
look? to in FBI the let not would DNC the that true it is Also Russians? the and campaign Clinton the with contact the of all about What
Fox at ratings higher Much disaster. OFF WAY a were polls election their that fact the despite again polls doing is CNN News Fake heard Just
now! leaker find Must information. Classified of leaking the is into looking be should others all and FBI the Congress that story real The
lost! &amp; College Electoral in advantage Big campaign. terrible a running for excuse an as story Russian the pushed and up made Democrats The
it! knows everyone and NEWS FAKE is story This Russia. with colluded Potus evidence no is there that stated others and Clapper James
https://t.co/dTGZLvlsGv ??https://t.co/ckVx2zgA1x Address Weekly #ICYMI:
Germany! to provides it defense expensive very and powerful the for more paid be must States United the &amp; NATO to money of sums ...vast
owes..... Germany Nevertheless Merkel. Angela Chancellor German with meeting GREAT a had I NEWS FAKE the from heard have you what Despite
https://t.co/8Y2UoHoYaY @WhiteHouse! the at morning this Committee @RepublicanStudy the with meeting Great
Confidence"https://t.co/daTGjPmYeJ Businesses' Small Has So Changed. President "The
help! to little done has China years. for States United the "playing" been have They badly. very behaving is Korea North
friends! Irish great my of all to Phadraig Fheile Lá Happy
mtgs! future &amp; growth tremendous to forward Look today. WH the at Commerce of Chamber Hispanic the w/ meeting great a had representatives My
together! coming Republicans - made being Improvements healthcare. on progress Great
https://t.co/J3iTl2iSiQ ???????? Pence. @VP with today @WhiteHouse the to @EndaKennyTD Ireland of Taoiseach the welcome to honor An
https://t.co/9lxx1iQo7m prosperity: no be can there safety priority—without 1 no. its safety make must #AmericaFirst puts that budget A
https://t.co/6snvQ0DzXN Tennessee! Nashville you Thank
https://t.co/m5UR4vv6UH AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE Lets Tennessee! Nashville In
https://t.co/GToWsWXiNv #USA???? #POTUS7 Jackson! Andrew you Thank
Enjoy! @FoxNews. on P.M. 9:00 at tonight @TuckerCarlson by interviewed be will I
cut! tax big our begin we when and regulations unnecessary slash to continue we as better get only will It 2009. since optimistic most CEO's
fun! be Will expected. people great of crowd Big tonight. Tennessee Nashville in rally big a to forward Looking
happening! Already U.S. &amp; State to production car back bringing on meeting big a for today (love) Michigan Detroit to going be Will
time! Jail Obama? President at gun the fired and aimed had all and career failing @SnoopDogg if be would outcry the what imagine you Can
NEWS! FAKE @NBCNews returns? tax my found and mailbox" his to "went of heard ever nobody who reporter a that believe really anybody Does
https://t.co/SYBl47CsZn better! even be will results the and – America in optimism Great
https://t.co/wAkQMKdPXA JOBS! JOBS JOBS
https://t.co/mg0A4Hq3bD here… preparations storm winter incoming about Wiedefeld Paul GM Metro and @MayorBowser D.C. Washington w/ Meeting
https://t.co/bMYph832hF S… because empty were seats 4 Unfortunately meeting. first our for afternoon this Cabinet great our welcome to Proud
https://t.co/1cQI0ZBUv8 #ReadTheBill:… https://t.co/5ayQ4dr8Ip Watch: @SecPriceMD. &amp; @VP w/ session listening Healthcare
day. the save and together come will Republicans far! by yet year worst the be will 2017 and disaster a is It imploding. is ObamaCare
better! much do will you nice Be representatives. working hard very my to is media the of much rude how amazing is It
done! job get to together coming Republicans worse. get only will and imploding is ObamaCare healthcare. with progress great making are We
https://t.co/Gb8iTGzb6j #MAGA??????https://t.co/YSaPJnSX2i @WhiteHouse! the at A.M. 11:00 - Address Weekly
https://t.co/oQIx7LybCV Congratulations… @WhiteHouse. the of Room East the in Pence @VP w/ delegates @SenateYouth years this meet to Honored
https://t.co/xC0piRa6eP ??https://t.co/S8nZgmeMMV Decade' a in Level Highest Its Reached Just Comfort Consumer 'U.S.
picture! beautiful a in end will it and groups many to talking are We great. along coming is healthcare press the in hear you what Despite
https://t.co/K7yeBZsf6r https://t.co/BSp685Q9Qf #MAGA! to going are we Together beginning. just only are We news. Great
discussion! Great @WhiteHouse. the at today @RepCummings with Met
2015 September and August since hiring for months consecutive strongest the were February and January Report: Workforce LinkedIn
world. the around &amp; America in here women of role critical the honoring in me join Day Women's International On
economy. our and society our of fabric the to vital are that serve they roles many the and women for respect tremendous have I
disaster! a is Obamacare knows he because program care health great and new the with along come will @RandPaul friend my that sure feel I
done! things major getting and great along getting are We Admin. Trump the in infighting big is there that you tell NEWS FAKE the let Don't
down! way come will people American the for Pricing Industry. Drug the in competition be will there where system new a on working am I
@foxandfriends rollout. healthcare of 3 &amp; 2 phase in be will competition promote will which lines state of rid getting worry Don't
@foxandfriends Weak! missiles. added and Crimea picked-off stronger and stronger got Obama President over" "ran Russia years eight For
fast! imploding is - disaster total and complete a is ObamaCare negotiation. and review for out now is Bill Healthcare new wonderful Our
decision! terrible another Just battlefield. the to returned have Gitmo from Administration Obama the by released prisoners vicious 122
USA! the in jobs construction &amp; manufacturing 45000 than more creating is that investment billion $20 your for @exxonmobil to you Thank
@exxonmobil. you Thank JOBS! JOBS JOBS is: which agenda my of core the at principles the are American hire &amp; American Buy
https://t.co/BNSLvKiEVj JOBS! the back bringing now—we're right country the sweeping optimism of spirit incredible an is There
America! again winning already are We investment. billion $20 region. Coast Gulf U.S. the in jobs manufacturing &amp; construction 45000
@exxonmobil. you Thank JOBS! JOBS JOBS is: which agenda my of core the at principals the are American hire &amp; American Buy
Program'https://t.co/adBzWhtq8S Investment Job-Creating for Mobil Exxon Congratulates Trump 'President
Again! Great America Make support. Tremendous country. the across all rallies great the for you Thank
@foxandfriends flexibility?" more have I'll election the after that Vladimir "Tell President Russian to said secretly that it was Who
possible? be that Can hacked? was it learning after equipment other or server check to access FBI the allow not would DNC the true it Is
show great to end Sad me. by not ratings (pathetic) bad his by fired was he Apprentice the leaving voluntarily isn't Schwarzenegger Arnold
guy! sick) (or Bad Nixon/Watergate. is This process. election sacred very the during phones my tapp to gone Obama President has low How
Election! to prior just October in phones my tapping was Obama President that fact the of out case great a make could lawyer good a bet I'd
LOW! NEW A earlier. court by down Turned election? an to prior president for race a tapping" "wire be to President sitting a for legal it Is
alone. year last times 4 and times 22 House White Obama the visited Sessions Jeff met that Ambassador Russian same The out: Just
McCarthyism! is This found. Nothing victory. the before just Tower Trump in tapped" "wires my had Obama that out found Just Terrible!
Ambs...... 100 for program education under Administration Obama the by up set was Amb Russian the with had Sessions Jeff meeting first The
https://t.co/kuQiZDz4rA AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN it. about lying and Russia to ties close her for Pelosi of Schumer after investigation second a demand hereby I
https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN it. about lying and Russia to ties close her for Pelosi of Schumer after investigation second a demand hearby I
https://t.co/OTJaHcvLzf Orlando. in Andrew Saint at day Wonderful Again. Great America Make to kids our for system education our fix must We
https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN it. about lying and Russia to ties close her for Pelosi of Schumer after investigation second a demand by hear I
https://t.co/Ik3yqjHzsA hypocrite! total A Putin. and Russia to ties his and @SenSchumer into investigation immediate an start should We
https://t.co/EnyXYeqgcp https://t.co/SEavQK5zy5 here: me AddressJoin Weekly
Cabinet. full my approved not still have Dems the that pathetic so is It
@foxandfriends Australia! Canada go. to way the is system merit-based The read. must a is Warrior Card Green book new Adams Nick
hunt!" "witch total a is It information. other and classified of leaks illegal the of all ...is
story... real The reality. on grip their lost have they now and election the lost They hand. their overplaying are Democrats The win. ...to
supposed..... were they thought everyone that election an losing Democrats for face saving of way a is narrative whole This ...intentional.
not.... clearly was it but accurately more response his stated have could He wrong. anything say not did He man. honest an is Sessions Jeff
Jobs! high. year 15 a at is confidence consumer and GAINS in trillion $3.2 posted has Market Stock the Day Election 8th November Since
YOU! THANK
#MAGA????https://t.co/RDO6Jt2pip #JointSession
https://t.co/gTtK3vJmkU https://t.co/J882zbyVkJ #JointAddress P.M. 9:00 at live me Join
Enjoy! A.M. 6:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
@HotlineJosh:https://t.co/Soebxtg2Zd via poll) NBC/WSJ (per era Trump in Dems than favorably more viewed now GOP
https://t.co/60jigi6ffS peo… American the to healthcare great provide who companies insurance health U.S. leading of CEOs with meeting Great
healthcare. including discussed be to Much House. White at tonight Governors with dinner Big
leaks! illegal the and defeat election big the mask to order in media the by up played and Dems the by out put NEWS FAKE is talk Russia
fairly! &amp; accurately reporting Try reputation. failing its save help to one) bad (a ad an take will @nytimes failing the time first For
Perez! demanded Clinton chance. a had never himself Bernie like guy Bernie's "rigged." totally course of was Chairman DNC for race The
Party! Republican the for or him for happier be not could I DNC. the of Chairman named been just has who Perez Thomas to Congratulations
evening! great a have and well everyone wish Please year. this Dinner Association Correspondents' House White the attending be not will I
https://t.co/7eF6aC6kEC https://t.co/uaoQSHBOQB @WhiteHouse: from Address Weekly
coming! cuts regulation &amp; tax Big close. record straight 11th an having DOW the with JOBS AND business U.S. of future for optimism Great
mo. first Obama in increase billion $200 a vs billion $12 by down went month first my in Debt National the that reported not has media The
all! them of biggest the be would It rally. own their have should AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE to voted who people of millions the Maybe
Sad! @CNN. Likewise joke. a become has @nytimes failing The country. our to danger great A truth. the tell doesn't knowingly media NEWS FAKE
https://t.co/oDLZ2NdrtA trafficking human of 'epidemic' fight to vows Trump
CPAC! to Going
NOW FIND U.S. on effect devastating a have could that media to given being is information Classified itself. FBI the within leakers the find
even...... can't They time. long a for government our permeated have that "leakers" security national the stop to unable totally is FBI The
it! to forward Looking Washington. of Council Business The at Kravis Henry by tonight interview Big
help! needs Chicago control. of out totally - there on going is What Chicago. in yesterday killed and shot people Seven
https://t.co/WtrRJVFmvU Pledge' Jobs Renews Trump After Higher Edges 500 'S&amp;P
people! amazing by done job great Culture...A and History American African of Museum National Smithsonian's the of tour my enjoyed much Very
win! would I that early predicted who one the was he that is DNC the lead to fight his in Ellison Keith Rep. about say will I thing One
Sad! activists. liberal by out planned cases numerous in actually are Republicans some of districts home in crowds angry so-called The
https://t.co/s5QvsJWA6u cities' sanctuary oppose overwhelmingly 'Americans
https://t.co/VBXcJ1b6Pv https://t.co/BKn9r225Kk Video: McMaster. H.R. General Advisor Security National new our to Congratulations
Advisor. Security National McMaster H.R. General named Just
interesting! Very Florida. in Mar-a-Lago at Generals with Meeting
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - DAY PRESIDENTS HAPPY
NOT! beautifully. just out working is Sweden in immigration scale large that say to trying is media NEWS FAKE The - break a public the Give
Sweden. &amp; immigrants concerning @FoxNews on broadcast was that story a to reference in was Sweden in happening what's to as statement My
soon! all you See Florida. Melbourne for leave to ready Getting
about! talk to lot A Florida. Melbourne in speech P.M. 5:00 Big House. White Southern The at weekend this meetings many having be Will
it. fixing of process the in am and MESS a inherited I WELL. VERY running is House White media.The news) (fake stream main the believe Don't
expected! crowd Big tomorrow. rally Florida the to forward Looking
Dishonest differently! it calls MEDIA FAKE agree.Yet Many Limbaugh. Rush says seen!" ever I've conferences press effective most the of "One
People! American the of enemy the is it enemy my not is @CNN) @CBS @ABC @NBCNews @nytimes (failing media NEWS FAKE The
SICK! people. American the of enemy the is it enemy my not is more) many and @NBCNews @CNN @nytimes (failing media NEWS FAKE The
https://t.co/UzndIjIqjM https://t.co/veqKmsGAwf here: 11:00am:Watch at me Join
others. three are as - NSA for play in much very is time long a for known have I who Kellogg Keith General
happy! not media Fake ever. greatest of one said Limbaugh Rush yesterday. Conference Press the on statements nice the of all for you Thank
it. to forward Look jobs! talk and Boeing with time spend to order in Carolina South Charleston to Going
fast! moving is ObamaCare of replacement and repeal the Price Tom Dr. approving finally in Democrats the by delays long the Despite
https://t.co/yMfT5r5RGh rule' mining coal Obama undoing bill signs 'Trump
news! Fake RUSSIA. - story a up made they so (306) badly so and election the lost they why to as story a with up come to had Democrats The
fast! fading are they but - Democrats discredited the than effective more far is "sources" and stories up makes which media NEWS FAKE
caught! be will They leakers! low-life the on put been finally has spotlight The
apologize! must others) (and @nytimes Failing years. for Washington in problem big a been has leaking classified illegal even and Leaking
rollout! plan tax before even - optimism and confidence of level Great decades. in streak winning longest with high new hits market Stock
https://t.co/HhgE51dtSN o… @marcorubio) w/ met (just @liliantintori of husband &amp; prisoner political a Lopez Leopoldo allow should Venezuela
https://t.co/dmHL7xIEQv #RepealAndReplace Spiral' 'Death in Obamacare CEO: Aetna
https://t.co/OigfXFECPp Airport!Tickets:… International Orlando-Melbourne the at rally a for 5pm at Saturday this Florida in me Join
https://t.co/bH60nBL5FP https://t.co/GN6ALWUusN Conference: Press Sara!#ICYMI????????Joint &amp; Benjamin @IsraeliPM States United the to Welcome
https://t.co/sy6xJcWfcF morning! this Association Leaders Industry Retail the of CEO's with session listening Great
un-American! Very candy. like "intelligence" by out given illegally is information classified that is here scandal real The
Russia? on soft too Obama Was Administration. Obama the during Russia by TAKEN was Crimea
USA for situation serious Very is" politics...and our in interfere not FBI...should &amp; NSA "The - View Bloomberg The of Lake Eli to you Thank
Russia like FBI?).Just and (NSA community intelligence the by @washingtonpost &amp; @nytimes failing the to given illegally being is Information
campaign. losing Clinton's Hillary in made mistakes many the cover-up to attempt an merely is non-sense connection Russian This
great! is @foxandfriends unwatchable. are @CNN &amp; @MSNBC hatred. blind and theories conspiracy their with crazy going is media news fake The
https://t.co/glWEQ0lNR4 Americans. ALL for healthcare save &amp; replace repeal Will 2018. in out pull to Humana fail. to continues Obamacare
https://t.co/yGDDTKm9Br 41'https://t.co/Q3MoCGAc54 Resolution H.J. of Signing at Trump President by 'Remarks
https://t.co/nuLTs513Ot Watch:… @BetsyDeVos. Secretary @usedgov &amp; Pence @VP with morning this session listening parent-teacher Great
etc? N.Korea on deal I as happening be leaks these Will Washington? of out coming leaks illegal many so there are why is here story real The
https://t.co/FNewjbHuw4 protect… to fought have who Veterans of care take to Time Shulkin. David Dr. #VASecretary new our to Congratulations
https://t.co/K8tWLlXiYK https://t.co/RPsmw4yD7y here: watch #ICYMI- Mnuchin! Steven Secretary Treasury Congratulations
https://t.co/wAoCOaYeZ6 th… Canada????and from women business &amp; CEO's leading of group a and @JustinTrudeau PM Canadian with meeting Wonderful
https://t.co/WKgF8Zo9ri @JustinTrudeau! Minister Prime @WhiteHouse the to Welcome
https://t.co/bFAHPRXHdP workforce. the in women discuss to women business leading of group a and Trudeau PM Canadian with meet will I Today
dishonest! Very mention. to refuses media NEWS FAKE the that road the lining supporters enthusiastic of crowds Big Florida. leaving Just
job! Great shows. morning Sunday various the on morning this me representing on Miller- Stephen Congratulations
president! for run to enough smart not calls.He's his of all taking in interested wasn't I but big-time me backed He well. Cuban Mark know I
L Japan. to back heading is Abe Minister Prime talks productive very of days two After
difficulties! technical said They network. the describe to news fake term the using for off cut was Sanders Bernie @CNN NEWS FAKE on While
YEMEN &amp; LIBYA SUDAN IRAN SOMALIA IRAQ SYRIA countries: 7 from are BREAKDOWN COURT during -2/11) (2/3 U.S. into admitted refugees of 72%
removed! being are others &amp; dealers drug members Gang promise. campaign my of keeping the merely is criminals illegal on crackdown The
https://t.co/qEC87FKB1D Korea. North on Abe Shinzo Minister Prime with Statement Joint #ICYMI:
talks! good Very (Mar-a-Lago). House White Winter the at representatives his and Japan of Abe Minister Prime with tonight dinner working A
represented! well very is Japan time. great a had and Els Ernie @TheBig_Easy and Japan of Abe Minister Prime with today golf Played
represented! well very is Japan time. great a had and Els Ernie @TheBig_Easy and Japan of Abe Minister Prime with today golf Playef
wonderful! truly is high so head her hold still to and media the by badly so treated and abused be To Ivanka. daughter my of proud so am I
https://t.co/hKqbMB2aQ9 https://t.co/Fvjsac89qS… States! United the in Abe Shinzo Minister Prime hosting time great a Having
couple! wonderful a are They Fla. Beach Palm in Mar-a-Lago at Abe Mrs. and Abe Shinzo Minister Prime Japanese hosting are I and Melania
DOWN! WAY come will price Program One Force Air the or FighterJet F-35 the with like just do I When yet. negotiations or ...design
the..... in involved gotten not have I but thought originally government the than more cost will WALL border great the that reading am I
DANGEROUS! SO (WT) countries." suspect seven from hail reprieve travel since U.S. into allowed refugees of "77% broken! is system legal Our
https://t.co/4JFhyYdeHO today. earlier Shinzo Minister Prime with #MarineOne on Andrews Base Joint to Heading
yesterday! length at spoke We Nov.14." since Trump Mr. to spoken not has "Mr.Xi saying story China NEWS FAKE major does @nytimes failing The
decision! disgraceful A statute." (the) this cite to even bother not did panel the opinion entire the in "Remarkably LAWFARE:
STAKE! AT IS NATION OUR OF SECURITY THE COURT IN YOU SEE
https://t.co/QeW6vjog4A @SenatorSessions!LIVE:… General Attorney new our of in swearing the for Office Oval the in live us Join
again! winning start and smart get to U.S. the for Time "failure." a not Mattis) General to according ( mission winning a on died ..Ryan
hero.. Our place. the over all conflict in down bogged - in is country our mess the at look just anymore win to how know doesn't he ...long
so.... losing been He's enemy! the emboldens Only media. the to mission a of failure or success the about talking be not should McCain Sen.
NEWS! FAKE Vietnam. in "service" brave his about lie long-term his about him asked never Blumenthal Sen. with interview his in Cuomo Chris
him? told Gorsuch Judge what misrepresents lie)now (major had he years for said he when Vietnam in fought never who Blumenthal Sen.Richard
https://t.co/e0buP1K83z @SenatorSessions! General Attorney new our to Congratulations
media'https://t.co/6LmsR5JOSW news than truthful more as seen administration 'Trump
countries...https://t.co/KWsIWhtC9o 10 in people 10000 than more of Poll Ban' Travel Trump-Style Support Nations EU Leading in 'Majority
https://t.co/wAelwuQ4BE Far' So Orders Popular Most Trump's Of One Is Ban 'Immigration
https://t.co/oicfDsPKHQ JOBS!… and INNOVATION American in BILLION) ($7 investment great A @Intel. of CEO Krzanich Brian you Thank
D! EASY be should what for wait we as vulnerable more far are people our while areas certain from country our into traffic in increase Big
https://t.co/0dHld5kiVc Won' Trump Since Run Have Reporters Stories News Fake '16
Terrible! thing! right the do to me pushing always -- person great a is She @Nordstrom. by unfairly so treated been has Ivanka daughter My
https://t.co/Lysnv8ZR1h the… in friend true a have You service. &amp; leadership your for Sheriffs &amp; Chiefs Police great our to you Thank
decision....... wrong and dangerous horrible the discussing be will and Sheriffs and Chiefs Police to today A.M. 9:00 at speaking be will I
Politics! entitled. are we which to safety and security the have never can we should obviously so it as case this win not does U.S. the If
Democrats! by Obstruction country. our of history the in delay such longest the place in not still is Cabinet full my that disgrace a is It
https://t.co/1LkhbCNh8L serv… &amp; protect who women &amp; men Incredible @WhiteHouse. the at me join Assoc. Sheriffs' National the having honor An
problem! no terror in #1 Iran with deal a make can Obama yet - crazy going are haters the and Russia in deals no have Putin know don't I
problem! no terror #1in Iran with deal a make can Obama yet - crazy going are haters the and Russia in deals no have Putin know don't I
fast! act must Courts Middle-East. the and Europe in happening is what at look just real very is terrorism Islamic radical from threat The
worse! are they Now win. election my on did it reporting poor the for subscribers its to apologize to forced was @nytimes failing The
https://t.co/kZdHqaNTVR Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at tonight airs @oreillyfactor with Bowl Super the from interview extended An
sources! &amp; stories up making are now and years two for wrong it gotten have They me. concerning fiction total writes @nytimes failing The
P.M. 8:00 at tonight @oreillyfactor on interviewed be Will
lies! marginalize to order in media NEWS FAKE Some it. knows everyone and data of accumulation an on based largely shots own my call I
vetting. extreme and security border want people Sorry election. the in polls NBC ABC CNN the like just news fake are polls negative Any
Wow! winners. total are B Coach and Kraft Bob Brady Tom Patriots. the by win and comeback amazing an What
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE continue: we then and #SuperBowl the Enjoy
Enjoy! Network. Fox on Show) Pre-game #SuperBowl the to (prior P.M. 4:00 at @oreillyfactor by interviewed be will I
difficult! very job the making are courts The CAREFULLY. VERY country our into coming people check to Security Homeland instructed have I
Bad! in. pouring People system. court and him blame happens something If peril. such in country our put would judge a believe cannot Just
happy! very are people Bad heart. at interests best our have not do that others and terrorists potential to country our up opens judge The
Enjoy! Bowl). Super to (prior P.M. 4:00 - Network Fox on @oreillyfactor with Interview
decision? ban lift ridiculous with conflict at is which Boston in decision Court Federal the using and at looking lawyers the aren't Why
decision terrible A country. our into pouring be may people dangerous and bad very many judge a by lifted was ban the Because
U.S.? into come can intentions bad with even anyone and ban travel Security Homeland a halt can judge a when to coming country our is What
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
lost! still is @nytimes NEWS FAKE the election the winning after me of coverage inaccurate and bad its for apologize to forced being After
overturned! be will and ridiculous is country our from away law-enforcement takes essentially which judge so-called this of opinion The
destruction! &amp; death it's in allowed are people certain if know They ban. the with agree countries Middle-Eastern certain that Interesting
trouble! big - &amp;.security safety of reasons for especially out &amp; in come cannot who and can who say to able longer no is country a When
us! charge they as SAME them charge should little.We or nothing them charges U.S. the while tariffs or taxes companies U.S. charge Countries
country! our of out "evil" keep must We
U.S. SMART GET again. edge on France down. locked were Tourists Paris. in Museum Louvre in attacked just has terrorist Islamic radical new A
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to voted who people of millions the of point the proving are protesters paid and thugs anarchists Professional
NOW! crafted being are bills tax and care health U.S. to back coming are jobs Good morning. this leaders business biggest with Meeting
nice! Very about. lied media NEWS FAKE that conversation civil very our about truth the telling for Australia of Minister Prime to you Thank
me! Not them. to was Obama President "kind" how appreciate don't they - fire with playing is Iran
hard! tried he least at Apprentice...but the on worse even and California of Governor as job bad really a did Schwarzenegger Arnold Yes
https://t.co/r5nxC9oOA4 you! have to love would We @Samsung! you Thank
billion $150 Deal: Iran the of form the in life-line a it gave and along came U.S. the until collapse to ready and legs last its on was Iran
them! with made U.S. the deal terrible the for thankful been have missile.Should ballistic a firing for NOTICE ON PUT formally been has Iran
you! thank - man brave and great a To honor. great my was Ivanka daughter my with yesterday Transfer Dignified Owens' Ryan Chief Attending
star! a be will He State. of Secretary new our as in sworn being on Tillerson Rex to Congratulations
FUNDS? FEDERAL NO - view of point different a with people innocent on violence practices and speech free allow not does Berkeley U.C. If
deal! dumb this study will I Why? Australia. from immigrants illegal of thousands take to agreed Administration Obama The it? believe you Do
ago! long Obvious there. dollars trillion three squandered has U.S. the after even Iraq of more and more over taking rapidly is Iran
country! of out intentions) bad (with people bad keeping about is it want you what it Call BAN. a is it not or whether arguing is Everybody
all. by respected man brilliant and good a is He Court. Supreme States United the for Gorsuch Neil Judge of nomination my like you Hope
@WhiteHouse.https://t.co/LHOs4nAaGl the from live me Join
P.M. 8:00 DECISION! IMPORTANT VERY a deliver to ready Getting
work! doesn't D.C. wonder No themselves! of ashamed be should They Cabinet! of rest and General Attorney our us give Democrats the will When
party! Dem like mess)-just (a work not did mic and Court Supreme The of steps the at rally a held Schumer Chuck Tears Fake and Pelosi Nancy
A.G. Obama an have Now obstruct. to but going nothing have They reasons. political purely for picks cabinet my delaying are Democrats The
https://t.co/Bh7SrNEgz1 ma… many in had haven’t we like business small for environment an create to going We’re back. is dream American The
country? our fleeing were jobs our when media) (the party opposition the and Democrats from outrage the all was Where
(W.H.) P.M. 8:00 at Tuesday on live announced be will It Court. Supreme States United The for nominate will I who on decision my made have I
there! out "dudes" bad of lot A week. that during country our into rush would "bad" the notice week one a with announced were ban the If
world! the Study campaign. my of part big a was This country. our enter can they before terrorists for searching about nice nothing is There
AGAIN! SAFE AMERICA MAKE problems. few very with well going is all that said Kelly Secretary Schumer. Senator of tears the and protesters
outage..... computer Delta by caused were airports at problems Big questioning. for held and detained were 325000 of out people 109 Only
Enjoy! 11pm. at tonight @CBNNews on @TheBrodyFile by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/f6JO60I0Ul Vetting: Extreme Concerning Order Executive Recent Regarding Statement
III. War World start to looking always of instead security border and immigration illegal ISIS on energies their focus should ...Senators
two... The immigration. on weak sadly are they - wrong is Graham Lindsey &amp; McCain John candidates presidential former of statement joint The
continue! to horror this allow cannot We numbers. large in executed been have Middle-East the in Christians
mess! horrible a - world the indeed and Europe over all happening is what Look NOW. vetting extreme and borders strong needs country Our
dignity! with fold it let or correctly it run either and @nytimes failing and NEWS FAKE the buy should conviction and aptitude with Somebody
Enjoy! 11pm. at tonight @CBNNews on @TheBrodyFile by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/OhshQsFRfl #NeverForget later. years 31 Challenger Shuttle Space the of crew the remember we Today
DISHONEST will. never and course changed not have still and beginning the from right wrong me got readers.They and subscribers ...dwindling
its..... to apologized actually times the that angry and false so been gas @washingtonpost the and @nytimes the in me about coverage Thr
NEWS! FAKE election. general the then primaries the lose would I Said beginning. very the from me about wrong been has @nytimes failing The
https://t.co/D0aOWhOH4X you! with be ALWAYS will We back. your have ALWAYS will administration our that promise I
https://t.co/mkuhbegzqS Mattis! Secretary Congratulations
https://t.co/KjU0MOxCHk Day: Remembrance Holocaust International on Statement
https://t.co/1jb53SEGV4 support! full our have You -- #MarchForLife today's at speaking be will Pence Mike .@VP
support! full my have you --- marching you of all To important. so is #MarchForLife The
NOW! change must border weak very the on help little &amp; deficits trade Massive enough. long for U.S. the of advantage taken has Mexico
better! do must We illegal. were votes 3000000 least at say crew and Phillips Gregg VoteStand. of results final seeing to forward Look
https://t.co/MtPvaDC4jM Strong! decision. Right policy. sanctuary drops Mayor Miami-Dade
Enjoy! tonight. 10:00pm at @FoxNews on @SeanHannity by interviewed be Will
https://t.co/ALSADGrwoe Th… @SpeakerRyan. @SenateMajLdr @VP w/ afternoon this PA. Philadelphia in Retreat @GOP Congressional the at Spoke
https://t.co/s4sTbSyBSR Th… @SpeakerRyan. @SenMajLeader @VP w/ afternoon this PA. Philadelphia in Retreat @GOP Congressional the at Spoke
meeting. upcoming the cancel to better be would it then wall needed badly the for pay to unwilling is Mexico If lost. companies and jobs of
numbers... massive with NAFTA of beginning the from deal one-sided a been has It Mexico. with deficit trade dollar billion 60 a has U.S. The
Terrible! leader. weak a Obama President calling now is prison from released been have never should who Manning Chelsea TRAITOR Ungrateful
Enjoy! minutes. 10 in News @ABC of Muir David with Interview
https://t.co/o7YNUNwb8f people. American the of lives the protect to than duty higher no have I President your As
https://t.co/8aDaHsAhg9 @DHSgov:… today from speech Full borders. its of control back gets America of States United the today Beginning
https://t.co/4zuOrRdcoc House.… White the from interview first my be Will @ABC. on o'clock 10 at tonight @DavidMuir by interviewed be will I
you! week.Thank next of Thursday on pick Court Supreme my making be will I
procedures! voting up strengthen will we results on Depending time). long a for many (and dead are who vote to registered those even
and.... illegal are who those states two in vote to registered those including FRAUD VOTER into investigation major a for asking be will I
wall! the build will we things other many Among tomorrow. SECURITY NATIONAL on planned day Big
Feds! the in send will I 2016) from 24% (up killings 42 with 2017 in shootings 228 on going "carnage" horrible the fix doesn't Chicago If
smart! is public - @CNN NEWS FAKE than higher times many were They ratings. inauguration in one number being for @FoxNews to Congratulations
https://t.co/T0eIgO6LP8 today. @WhiteHouse the at Barra Mary CEO Motors General and Fields Mark CEO Ford with meeting Great
https://t.co/aOxmfO0vOK Off… Oval the in pipelines Access Dakota and XL Keystone the of construction the with forward move to orders Signing
https://t.co/OXdiLOkGsZ #MAGA! will we Together morning. this @WhiteHouse the at leaders industry automobile with meeting Great
https://t.co/Uzp0ivvRp0 Abbas! you Thank hall. press upper/lower the in displayed be will that yesterday delivered photo A
here! sold cars for here built be to plants new want I America. in jobs concerning executives automobile top with 9:00 at meeting be Will
America. in manufacturing talk to A.M. 9:00 at in coming executives Top security. national and jobs on focus heavy a with planned week Busy
views. their express to people of rights the recognize I agree always don't I if Even democracy. our of hallmark a are protests Peaceful
ago! years 4 from ratings good very the than more million 11 Inauguration the watched people million 31 out: just ratings television Wow
badly. cause hurt Celebs vote? people these didn't Why election! an had just we that impression the under was but yesterday protests Watched
WIN! people. amazing ovations standing long Wall to respect great paid house packed yesterday Headquarters CIA at meeting great a Had
speech! the of reviews GREAT the for outlets news other many so and @FoxNews to you D.C.Thank Washington in evening and day fantastic A
https://t.co/V3aoj9RUh4 AGAIN???? GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we TOGETHER D.C. Washington in evening wonderful another for YOU THANK
AMERICANS????https://t.co/D7Es6ie4fY ALL TO
mountain...https://t.co/cZKkrGXLSi to mountain from large and small far and near city every in Americans all to So
that...https://t.co/ZKyOiOor62 remember to time is It
#MAGA???? AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay HIRE &amp; AMERICAN BUY rules: simple two follow will We
dreams! our back bring will we and - wealth our back bring will We borders. our back bring will We jobs. our back bring will We
#AmericaFirst???? be to going it’s on moment this From longer. no forgotten be will country our of women and men forgotten The
again. nation this of rulers the became people the day the as remembered be will 2017 20th January
people. the by controlled is government our whether but government our controls party which not is matters truly What
#InaugurationDay People. American the you to back it giving and D.C. Washington from power
transferring... are we but – another to party one from or another to Administration one from power transferring merely not are we Today
BEGINS! WORK THE - CONTINUES MOVEMENT THE swearing-in. the for A.M. 11:00 at you see will I today! begins all It
https://t.co/a6xpFQTHj5 #Inauguration D.C. Washington in evening wonderful a for you Thank
https://t.co/OSxa3BamHs AM… MAKE to going are we Together evening! special very a tonight- Memorial Lincoln the at us joining for you Thank
https://t.co/GQeQpJOgWz family!#Inauguration2017 my with Memorial Lincoln the at over 4pm at me Join
Enjoy! Memorial. Lincoln at today P.M. 4:00 at Concert Great
https://t.co/hOuMbxGnpe #Inauguration2017 way! my On
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE together will we that doubt no have I people. American the
for.. journey great a it make to hard very fighting and working be will I and begins journey The D.C. Washington for leave to ready Getting
Graham. Franklin Reverend by today Stated time!" long a for divided been has country this country this divided that Trump Donald wasn't "It
https://t.co/Qj5cpfaykD D.C.… in tonight them with be to honor an was It service. their for Warriors Wounded amazing our to you Thank
https://t.co/SxVmaWvOFT #GodBlessTheUSA dinner! VP evenings this at Kimberly and @TheLeeGreenwood seeing Great
letter! wonderful your for you Thank hospitalized. both Bush Barbara and George for recovery speedy a to forward Looking
https://t.co/J0ojOXjrga Friday.… to forward Looking ago. weeks three Mar-a-Lago House White Winter the at address inaugural my Writing
Alabama! Thanks world. the around countries from Ambassadors and Diplomats 147 for playing D.C. in night last great was .@TheAlabamaBand
credibility! Little past. glorious its to compared badly so doing is @NBC biased on Show Today the wonder No
@WSJ string..." a in latest the Trump Donald President-elect with meeting after investments and jobs U.S. add to pledged has AG "Bayer
me! of because back Came facts. real for companies those of CEO's top Ask NEWS. FAKE more is TRUMP with do to nothing had but U.S. the to
back... coming are jobs that others &amp; Lockheed G.M. Ford from announcement big the that say to way its of out went @NBCNews biased Totally
Enjoy! - @foxandfriends on @ainsleyearhardt by interviewed be Will
U.S.! the into back push jobs big the starting for Walmart and Motors General to you Thank
https://t.co/Hfab41h65X It" Missed Media The How Won--And Trump "How
WP familiar! Sound president." elected true the is Bush believe doesn't swearing-in....he Bush's attend to hypocritical be would it "thought
he... because also 43 Bush boycotted He lie)! (or WRONG missed." I've that one first the be will "It inauguration my about said Lewis John
stuff." "big seeing are people the believe I more and purchases military on negotiated have I reductions cost massive the with and country
our..... into back coming plants auto new the of all with office) taking before (even U.S. the into back bringing am I jobs the of all With
before. like just rigged are They polls. rating approval doing now are wrong so were and polls election phony the did who people same The
Saturday! and Friday Thursday great a be will It way. their on are Trump for Bikers numbers. record in Washington into pouring are People
great! be will it imagine can't CNN is it Considering Ivanka. daughter my on Report Special a doing is places all of @CNN P.M. 9:00 At
was! he that man great the being for him Honor for. stood he that things wonderful many the of all and Day King Luther Martin Celebrate
News? Fake of leaker the this Was good! Not nukes. Russian of build-up the and Ukraine Crimea line) (red Syria at look just - worse much
do... couldn't really Oh understand." fully not Does threat. Russia on Trump Pres-Elect blasts Brennan John Chief CIA "Outgoing .@FoxNews
television! bad Really job. hit complete a always terrible is cast funny Not NBC. of worst the is Live Night Saturday but bad is .@NBCNews
apologize also should Media APOLOGIZE." should they mistakes make people when &amp; here mistake a made chiefs Intelligence that...Those about
(angry)... upset be to right presented...Trump's been have should never document...it garbage a is "That said who Woodward Bob to you Thank
CHANGE!!!! WILL IT deep. too is hatred the change never will it say Many untrusting. and angry divided been has country our years many For
WIN! again. here things making start to have country our in business do to want they if others and companies Car higher. get only will
number.. that Nation our to back bringing am I jobs the of all With me. for voted Democrats Obama many so that angry most are Democrats The
fun! Have D.C. Washington 20th January expected. than bigger even be to out turning is Day Inauguration
get! can I help the all use can I U.S. the of inner-cities infested crime and burning the on focus finally should Lewis John Congressman
@OANN FRAUD!" COMPLETE "A IS DOSSIER TRUMP THE CLAIM NOW INSIDERS INTELLIGENCE
Sad! results. or action no - talk talk talk All results. election the about complaining falsely than rather infested) crime mention
to...... (not apart falling and shape horrible in is which district his helping and fixing on time more spend should Lewis John Congressman
support. total and complete my has community enforcement law Our McDonald. Steven Detective hero NYC real a for today funeral beautiful A
history! be soon will Act Care "Unaffordable" The
enthusiasm! no - states wrong the in campaigned she because lost She her. to nice VERY were They hell. as guilty - run to allowed been have
never..... should she had they information the on Based F.B.I. the to respect with about complaining people Clinton's Hillary are What
days! 90 within hacking on report full a have will people My be. will never and proof no is there knowing even "Intelligence" by released
Probably... exists. nothing says Russia NEWS! FAKE - Republicans and Democrats both operatives political sleazebag by facts up made Totally
sued.... being of afraid spy failed a and opponents political my by together put were me against allegations phony the that out turns now It
mine! not thoughts own their express and themselves be to them want I job. great a doing and good looking are nominee Cabinet my of All
House! the onto it's now #RepealObamacare- to step first the taking for Senate the to Congrats
gone! be soon will credibility their and election since tanking are ratings their because NEWS FAKE their with meltdown total a in is .@CNN
@LBPerfectMaine L.L.Bean. Buy now. more even you support will People courage. and support great your for L.L.Bean of Bean Linda to you Thank
bad! facts.Too phony up Made circulated. illegally was that report fictitious and false the denounce to yesterday me called Clapper James
on going what's get truly people the but there were organizations NEWS FAKE of couple A today. Tower Trump at Conference News great a had We
Germany? Nazi in living we me.Are at shot last One public. the into "leak" to news fake this allowed have never should agencies Intelligence
state! sorry A NEWS. FAKE with victory our belittle to try opponents crooked and verified is "movement" great a easily election an win I
NOTHING! NO LOANS NO DEALS NO - RUSSIA WITH DO TO NOTHING HAVE I me. over leverage use to tried never has Russia
unfair! Very NONSENSE." UTTER FABRICATION TOTAL AND COMPLETE "A is opponents political by for paid report unverified the said just Russia
https://t.co/d6daCFZHNh #FakeNews Claims' Trump-Russia Unverifiable Runs 'BuzzFeed
HUNT! WITCH POLITICAL TOTAL A - NEWS FAKE
https://t.co/CWAvJ4fRdx High'https://t.co/MhbABREhzt 12-Yr. to Confidence Business Small Lift Helps 'Trump
https://t.co/WjBaTp824U election' Trump after soars optimism business 'Small
1980'https://t.co/X22x1BttdG Since Most by Surges Index Optimism Small-Business 'U.S.
https://t.co/aqUbDipSgv #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… 24/7/365! communities our serve &amp; protect who women and men the of all to you Thank
https://t.co/8kvQ1PzPAf Reagan. Ronald and Nancy with picture old An
C! Fiat &amp; Ford you Thank Mexico. in plant dollar BILLION a building of instead U.S. and Michigan in expand will it that week last said Ford
after... This jobs. 2000 adding plants Ohio and Michigan in $1BILLION invest to plans announced just Chrysler Fiat - happening finally It's
media! dishonest very more Just bad. look me make to order in written had he that story old year 16 a changed totally he when "groveling"
him....... showed simply but that) do never (would reporter disabled a "mocked" never I time 100th the For big. lost who flunky Hillary
a..... is She Globes. Golden the at night last attacked but me know doesn't Hollywood in actresses over-rated most the of one Streep Meryl
developer! successful very a as did ever he than candidate successful very a as better much me likes who guy great a is Murdoch Rupert
fake! is Media quickly. more built be can wall the so later little a pay they if wall the for paying be won't Mexico says media Dishonest
serious! So @NBCNews. to out leaked was it report intelligence hacking confidential highly and/or classified the saw anyone or I Before
Terrible! minutes. 10 her of 9 out cut media Dishonest @chucktodd. with interview an for morning this @MeetThePress to went Conway Kellyanne
special! very is ally U.S. longtime a Britain Spring. the in Washington in May Theresa Minister Prime meeting to forward much very look I
star &amp; supporter Trump loyal a is Jane Chair. Party Republican Ohio the becoming in victory upset major her on Timken Jane to Congratulation
WORLD! the of issues and problems pressing and great many the of some solve to together work perhaps will countries both
and.... now do they than more far us respect will Russia President am I When one. another yet without world the around problems enough have
We..... bad! is it that think would fools or people "stupid" Only thing. bad a not thing good a is Russia with relationship good a Having
embarrassed! totally are they that big so was Dems the by loss the that is discussed is DNC defended poorly the of hacking the reason Only
touched! not machines Voting results. election the affected hacking that evidence no absolutely was there strongly very stated Intelligence
defense! strong had Committee National Republican place.The take to hacking allowed Committee National Democratic the by negligence Gross
@EricTrump!https://t.co/bJaEY7qFSn Birthday Happy
safe! Stay all. for prayers and Thoughts Scott. Governor to spoke Just Florida. in situation terrible the Monitoring
it. seeing me to prior NBC with shared intelligence secret top investigate to committees Senate and House the of chairs the asking am I
AM. this go Will friend. a Newhouse Steven &amp; Nast Conde of editors the with meet to me ask to Tower Trump at office my to came Wintour Anna
Hillary &amp; Kasich supported he cares who But 1. season my to him compare Now 14. season to compared 1 season was that star-and movie a being
for.... much So DJT. machine ratings the to comparison by destroyed) (or "swamped" got Schwarzenegger Arnold and in are ratings the Wow
SHOW! GREAT a be will It 20th. January on D.C. to go will AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE to want who those and supporters all Hopefully
BEFORE NEVER LIKE MOVEMENT A SAW minute.THEY last the at fireworks big their cancelled they why is which - trouble big in were they knew and
the...... before weeks two last the in happening was what saw They voters. my of PASSION the beat to going never were Dems the and Hillary
later! Mexico by back paid be will speed) of sake (for Wall Great the building on spent money any that report not does media dishonest The
on? going is What servers? computer the of examination an requested even never they if hacking about sure so they are why and how So
Russia...... by hacked supposedly was it after info computer its see or study to FBI the allow not would Committee National Democratic The
Politics! why? and report this them gave Who presented?" was (Obama) he report secret top the into look exclusive "an get NBC did How
tax. border big pay or U.S. in plant Build WAY! NO U.S. for cars Corolla build to Mexico Baja in plant new a build will said Motor Toyota
fan! big a am I fact in when "Intelligence" against am I like look it make to lies media The truth. the to as minds own their up make to
people.... the for is it states he what state simply I wrong. - Assange Julian with Agreement in am I that saying likes media dishonest The
BETTER! FAR &amp; expensive less much - works really that plan healthcare a with up come and together get to Democrats &amp; Republicans for ...time
is.... It plan!" your keep doctor you beginning."Keep the from lie a was ObamaCare is fact The BLAME. and thing political typical the ...do
they.. it fix to working of Instead in. are they mess a what and is ObamaCare bad how know Schumer Chuck clown head by lead Democrats The
"Movement" the understand don't just people performance.Some Inauguration her announcing after skyrocketed have sales album Evancho's Jackie
careful! be - weight own its of fall will It mess. the for blame to are Dems and year this place take will ObamaCare of increases massive
web... this of out clowns Schumer the let Don't useless. practically is it that high so are deductibles Also Arizona. in hike 116% the like
increases...... premium massive and coverage poor its with disaster ObamaCare failed the own Dems the that in careful be must Republicans
pass. a them gave usual as Media standard! double total A H). to debate the to questions the giving (like said and did they things
terrible...... the to responded not they have why and has RNC the like defense" "hacking have not they did why but DNC the hacked Somebody
follow to more much - beginning the just is This U.S. the in jobs new 700 creating and Mexico in plant new a scrapping for Ford to you Thank
info! the him give not did Russians said Also careless? so DNC was why - Podesta" hacked have could old year 14 "a said Assange Julian
strange! Very case. a build to needed time more perhaps Friday until delayed was hacking" "Russian so-called on briefing "Intelligence" The
you. Thank N.Y.C. in ELEVENTH JANUARY on conference news general a having be will I
https://t.co/11spTMa6Tm America" promised he jobs the delivering already is "Trump
battlefield. the onto back allowed be not should and people dangerous extremely are These Gitmo. from releases further no be should There
CREATION.https://t.co/siXrptsOrt JOB &amp; INNOVATION for magnet great world's the become will AMERICA away wealth and jobs driving of Instead
#DTS importance! greater far of things other many so and healthcare reform tax on Focus priority. and act one number their be ........may
it as unfair as Watchdog Ethics Independent the of weakening the make to have really they do on work to has Congress that all With
healthcare. lousy is it And - affordable!" longer no is (ObamaCare) Act Care Affordable "The said Minnesota Governor.of Democrat The
"CRAZY" it called Clinton Bill (Arizona). increases 116% - affordable not is it and work doesn't just ObamaCare that remember must People
tax! border big pay U.S.A.or in Make border. across free dealers-tax car U.S. to Cruze Chevy of model made Mexican sending is Motors General
Nice! Korea. North with help won't but trade one-sided totally in U.S. the from wealth &amp; money of amounts massive out taking been has China
happen! won't It U.S. the of parts reaching of capable weapon nuclear a developing of stages final the in is it that stated just Korea North
I. did so and knew they fireworks cancelled they When (306). 270 fabled the over easily big win would I felt and thought I
and..... week last the in together came all it Wrong election. the lose to going was I thought I that say pundits and outlets media Various
me! of photo cover worst used but well does it Hope victory. &amp; race 2016 the explores which "Unprecedented" called book a released just @CNN
help! Federal for ask must he it do can't Mayor If 2016. in murders 762 with victims shooting 4331 - setting record is rate murder Chicago
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE together will We begins. Year New the Well
https://t.co/1asdMAL4iy we… as 2017 prosperous &amp; wonderful a to forward Looking all! you to blessings many &amp; AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear ALL TO
@DonaldJTrumpJr!https://t.co/uRxyCD3hBz Birthday Happy
Love! do. to what know don't just they badly so lost and me fought have who those and enemies many my to including all to Year New Happy
it! gets totally @FoxNews clue! a have don't they watch to funny - fools such for @NBCNews and @CNN playing are Russians
https://t.co/9WJZ8iTCQV D.C.… Washington in 1/19/2017 on @JimBrownNFL32 legend Fame of Hall by founded @AmerIcan32 Join
smart! very was he knew always I - Putin) V. (by delay on move Great
https://t.co/ZWk0j4H8Qy rules: simple two follow will Administration My
https://t.co/SjGBgglIuQ hope' delivered Trump say 'Economists
approaching! fast is 20th January Israel strong Stay (U.N.)! this now and deal Iran horrible the was end the of beginning The anymore. not
but....... U.S. the in friend great a have to used They disrespect. and disdain total such with treated be Israel let to continue cannot We
NOT! - transition smooth a be to going was it roadblocks.Thought and statements O President inflammatory many the disregard to best my Doing
Donald! Thanks YEARS! 15 THAN MORE IN LEVEL HIGHEST THE 113.7 to points four nearly surged December for Index Confidence Consumer U.S. The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to wanted voters lost.The and states swing important very the in personally) (and hard campaigned Obama President
charities! wonderful to goes money of 100% expenses. any or salaries rent fees paid never foundations most unlike Foundation DJT The
report! won't media and charity to given is which of ALL more millions recieved or raised Foundation DJT to dollars of millions gave I
dollars! trillion a over is spending Christmas and 10% nearly up is market the Now hope. no was there - won I before gloomy was world The
sad! So time. good a have and talk together get to people for club a just is it now right but potential great such has Nations United The
etc. OCare ISIS leaving jobs - WAY! NO say I but that say should He me. against won have would he thinks he that said Obama President
everyone! to Year New Happy very very very very a and Christmas Merry
https://t.co/5GgDmJrGMS #MerryChristmas
Enjoy! P.M. 10:00 at tonight "Objectified" - .@FoxNews
https://t.co/UvZwtykV1E #Hanukkah Happy
anyway! done it get will we but bad peace.Too negotiate to harder much it make will Nations United the in Israel for yesterday loss big The
Dishonest! nukes." regarding senses its to comes world the as time such "until qoute: nuclear my of part this out left purposely .@NBCNews
true! So dignity." with lose to able be must One humiliating. is it opinion my "In Dems: and Hillary about today said Putin Vladimir
back? fight countries all and U.S. the will When hatred! Such reality. into turned which threat religious purely a is This you. slaughter
will...... we swear I pigs you slaughter will we will God's "by crime before just said Germany in people many so killed who terrorist The
20th. Jan. after different be will things U.N. the to As
answer! Wrong stop. must now and them for dollars of millions raised has kids these loves He shame? ridiculous a this Isn't presidency. my
with... interest of conflict possible a of because cancer with children for money raise to allowed be longer no will Eric son wonderful My
PEOPLE! the want I NOTHING. Hillary for did they what look but inauguration the to tixs wanting all are celebrities list "A" so-called The
Hornet! Super F-18 comparable a price-out to Boeing asked have I F-35 Martin Lockheed the of overruns cost and cost tremendous the on Based
nukes regarding senses its to comes world the as time such until capability nuclear its expand and strengthen greatly must States United The
DTS. to trying be always will we Actually me. by used being longer no was SWAMP" THE "DRAIN phrase the that stated incorrectly Someone
https://t.co/s8rXKKZNF1 vetoed....cont: be should Israel regarding Council Security Nations United the at considered being resolution The
people! impressive Very pricing. and capability airplane about talking today ADMIRALS Navy and GENERALS Force Air great really some met I
loss! the on Hillary than win the on MONEY LESS FAR spent I that fact the discussing commentators or pundits the of any heard not have I
differently campaign would but - vote popular on based was winner the if possible is that if election the in better even done have would I
states! wrong the on focused Hillary vote. popular the than sophisticated &amp; difficult more much is College Electoral the win to Campaigning
GUY! GREAT A IS HE met We meeting. a for together getting about me called Mexico from businessman great the Slim Carlos - true is it Yes
states wrong on focused They more). and ( states swing vital the in vote to out budget unlimited an with even people get to how especially
... much" know "doesn't He congratulations). nice very a (with me called he Wrong election. the after him called I that stated Clinton Bill
media). inaccurate and distorted the of all (despite election the won officially just we supporters great my of all to you Thank it! did We
thinking! change must world civilized The worse. getting only is it and - Germany and Switzerland Turkey in attacks terror were there Today
names! terrible called &amp; scorned be would they doing are election the lost who those like people threatened and acted supporters many my If
it! keep them let back.- stole they drone the want don't we that China tell should We
https://t.co/4UAazd7TmF phrase:… wonderful that back bring to is goal Our #AmericaFirst. be to going it’s on now From Alabama! you Thank
act. unprecedented in China to it takes and water of out it rips - waters international in drone research Navy States United steals China
there! you see expected crowds all of Biggest SOUTH" THE AND ALABAMA YOU "THANK - year the of rally Last P.M. 3:00 at today Alabama Mobile
rally! last for Alabama in be will I P.M. 3:00 at Today FLORIDA! YOU THANK - crowd massive - incredible was Florida Orlando in night Last
https://t.co/3vgtzSJsFu Watch:… #ICYMI- AMERICAN! HIRE and AMERICAN BUY rules: simple two follow will Administration My Florida. you Thank
https://t.co/Cq5AwcuzT9 AlabamaTickets:… Mobile https://t.co/JwQeccp79NTomorrow- Tickets: Florida Orlando Tonight- #ThankYouTour2016
record! time all the set Let's in. swearing the for 20th Jan on D.C. to go will fans "MOVEMENT" the hope I together! it did all we Well
debate? the to questions the Hillary gave illegally DNC the of head that revealed was it where cyberattack same the about talking we Are
https://t.co/yB6u5FEfHq https://t.co/7R382qWfWS… here: Watch AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together Pennsylvania! you Thank
https://t.co/opKrWO4k0C https://t.co/GGgbjl8Zo6 Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016 3pm! at Sat. on Alabama Mobile in me Join
lost? Hillary after complain only they did Why act? to long so wait House White the did why hacking was entity other some or Russia If
isn't! it actually when - complex so business my to pertains it as House White the to move my make to hard so tries media The
honor! great a - Year" the of "Person me naming for Times Financial and Magazine Time to you Thank
out! be will talent no Carter Graydon dead! trouble big down Way Magazine. @VanityFair of numbers poor really the at looked anyone Has
https://t.co/4PjSOEU5y9 guys! great two yesterday- office Tower Trump my in @JimBrownNFL32 and .@BillGates
https://t.co/iEGWZLuiFE Watch:… jobs! jobs jobs words: important very three on focused be will Administration My Wisconsin! you Thank
https://t.co/1RFmKCMgyw Tickets:… #ThankYouTour2016 Alabama! Mobile in Stadium Ladd–Peebles at Saturday this me Join
governments. foreign of types all with successfully dealing at experience vast has he that is Tillerson Rex about best like I thing The
votes! additional up picked actually I states. those in wins my certified just have Pennsylvania and Wisconsin
State. of Secretary be to ExxonMobil of CEO and Chairman Tillerson Rex world the of leaders business great truly the of one chosen have I
times! Busy interest. of topics other all and picks Cabinet business the discuss to future near the in conference press a hold will I
office. in term(s) my during done be will deals new No them. manage will executives plus Eric and Don children my of Two Presidency.
the...... on time full focus can I that so 20th January before busineses my leaving be will I so do to law by mandated not am I though Even
morning. tomorrow State of Secretary next the on announcement my making be will I
Scam! rest. now can Party Green and Dems The votes. 131 additional an up picked just we - what guess and in is vote Wisconsin final The
https://t.co/OJ8S7iVzFx Tickets:… AL. Mobile Sat: FL. Orlando Fri: PA. Hershey Thur: WI. Allis West Tue: #ThankYouTour2016
20th. January after purchases other) (and military on saved be will and can dollars of Billions control. of out is cost and program F-35 The
election? before up brought this wasn't Why hacking. the doing was who determine to hard very is it act the in "hackers" catch you Unless
theory! conspiracy called be would It card. Russia/CIA the play to tried WE and opposite the were results election the if imagine you Can
there! up right is @CNN although worse much get can't Just point. after point bad and inaccurate biased So - @NBCNightlyNews watched Just
Enjoy! P.M. 10:00 at @FoxNews on interviewed be Will
tuned! Stay dealmaker. and player class world a is ExxonMobil of CEO &amp; Chairman the Tillerson Rex "State"- for not or him choose I Whether
WON! JOHN - over is election The U.S.Senate. the for Louisiana of State Great the of Kennedy John with campaigning Friday spent I
Army! to congrats and experience wonderful A stadium. that in spirit the like nothing is There fantastic. was Game Navy - Army the at Being
ENJOY! Network. (Eastern) 10:00 at Wallace Chris with Sunday News Fox on today interviewed be will I
https://t.co/VEsgPcWq7z @FoxNewsSunday! Wallace Chris thanks - 2015 October
true.https://t.co/ER2BoM765M is much so Unfortunately read. interesting very A
NEWS! FAKE - untrue &amp; ridiculous are time part even Presidency my during Apprentice The on working be will I that @CNN by Reports
fun! be should it to forward Looking today. Game Army-Navy The to going be will I Forces Armed our for support of show a As
TIME! ZERO devote Will it. in stake big a have &amp; B Mark with it conceived I that fact for except Apprentice The with do to NOTHING have I
"State". for consideration of out himself took just N.Y.C. of Mayor GREAT former a and know I people finest the of one .@RudyGiuliani
https://t.co/EyLOo26FqW AGAIN!Watch:… GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we together &amp; jobs your back bring to going are We Michigan. you Thank
https://t.co/sHXeyreEZI behal… on agenda our enact help will Kennedy Electing tomorrow. Kennedy John for vote &amp; out Get Louisiana! you Thank
https://t.co/O0jtz0BKeL Senate. U.S. the to Kennedy John send &amp; polls the to go to you need we Tomorrow Louisiana! in live me Join
https://t.co/v6EB2OQMeO IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 YOU THANK
https://t.co/2UTwAg5V87 MI.Tickets: Rapids Grand https://t.co/rvIQ6Yq45P7pm- Tickets: LA. Rouge Baton 10am- #MAGA tomorrow! me Join
#ThankYouTour2016 https://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx Tickets: us! Join @mike_pence. with soon you see will Iowa- Moines Des to way my On
missed. be will He explorers. future of generations inspired and hero a was He Glenn. John in space and air of pioneer great a lost we Today
dues Reduce talking. time working-less time more Spend Indiana. in jobs those kept have would they good any was 1999 Steelworkers United If
country! flee companies wonder No workers. representing job terrible a done has 1999 Steelworkers United of President is who Jones Chuck
https://t.co/Geq6sT70IT #MAGA… 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 at - @mike_pence President-Elect Vice with Iowa Moines Des in tomorrow me Join
ago...https://t.co/r5eRLR24Q3 years 75 Harbor Pearl at lives their gave selflessly who heroes American 2403 the remember to today pause We
Enjoy! 7:30. at @TODAYshow the on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/EF9xRWmciA https://t.co/ZAuTgxKPpb here: watch #ICYMI you! Thank Carolina. North Fayetteville in night great A
https://t.co/Z8sgJBWI09 you… See Carolina! North Fayetteville in rally tonight's for Mattis Dog' 'Mad James General with York New Departing
election! the won not (Trump) we had this do never would he said Masa
jobs.... new 50000 and businesses toward U.S. the in billion $50 invest to agreed has Japan of (SoftBank) Masa
https://t.co/KoZCE7JeG7 https://t.co/79AHq3NC0v Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016 7pm! at Carolina North Fayetteville in tonight me Join
order! Cancel billion. $4 than more control of out are costs but presidents future for One Force Air 747 new brand a building is Boeing
https://t.co/vcQaIJ8qoB Michiga… Iowahttps://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx12/9- Carolinahttps://t.co/79AHq3NC0v12/8- North 12/6- #ThankYouTour2016
happen! ever will that if know don't I Sadly "tweet." to reason less far have would I honorably &amp; accurately me cover would press the If
https://t.co/OJKuDFhP3r Development… Urban and Housing of Dept. US the of Secretary next our as @RealBenCarson Dr. nominate to thrilled am I
so! think don't I Sea? China South the of middle the in complex military massive a build to or them) tax doesn't U.S. (the country their
into.. going products our tax heavily compete) to companies our for hard it (making currency their devalue to OK was it if us ask China Did
Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at TMZ of Levin Harvey great the by produced hit ratings the Trump" Donald "Objectified: re-running be will .@FoxNews
money! raise to scam Stein a Just recount. Wisconsin in votes losing is and Pennsylvania in suit recount its dropped just Party Green The
BUSINESS FOR OPEN IS STATES UNITED THE mistake! expensive
... very a making to prior forewarned be Please charged. being tariff or tax no with states 50 all between move to able are companies these
but..... difficult financially leaving make will tax This border. the across back etc. units A.C. cars product their sell to wanting
...... companies these for 35% of border strong be to soon our on tax a be will There WRONG! is consequence or retribution without
...... U.S. the into back product its sell will it thinks then and country other the in plant or factory new a builds employees its fires
country another for country our leaves that business any but businesses on regulations and taxes reduce substantialy to going is U.S. The
Sad worse. any get can't just impersonation Baldwin the and funny not biased Totally unwatchable! - Live Night Saturday watching tried Just
Washington. in us to help tremendous a be will John Senate. US for Kennedy John for campaigning Louisiana in is @mike_pence VPE great Our
Saturday. next election today; voting Early Louisiana. from Senator US for choice my is Kennedy John Treasurer State
more! No country. our over all happening is This workers. 300 its of all firing viciously rather and Mexico to moving is Indiana of Rexnord
call. congratulatory a accept not should I but equipment military of dollars of billions Taiwan sells U.S. the how Interesting
you! Thank Presidency. the winning on congratulations me wish to today ME CALLED Taiwan of President The
https://t.co/sVNSNJE7Uf again!… winning start will America begins. work real the now and – history made we Together Ohio! you Thank
https://t.co/HiWqZvHv6M Tickets: me! Join rally. 7pm a for Ohio Cincinnati in Arena Bank U.S. to Heading
A.C. Carrier of people wonderful and working hard the meet and Indiana of State Great the for leave to ready Getting
safe! Stay States. United Southeastern the in tornadoes and storms tragic the by affected those with are prayers and thoughts My
conditioners! air many sell will They Carrier. of workers great the with be to order in tomorrow Indiana to going to forward Look
https://t.co/GTuNcQhLYx class' working the helping already is Trump 'Donald
https://t.co/cEBxoWsnYp Ricketts… Todd &amp; Ross Wilbur Mnuchin Steven nominate to intent his announced today Trump J. Donald 'President-elect
https://t.co/51Emq7Tffa YOU!Tickets:… THANK support. your of all for grateful am I 7:00pm. at evening tomorrow Ohio Cincinnati in me Join
task! important more far a is Presidency The operations. business of out completely me take which crafted being are documents legal Hence
businesses.. various my with interest of conflict a have way no in to President as important visually is it feel I law the under this do
.... to mandated not am I While AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to order in country the running on focus fully to order in total in business great
... my leaving be will I that fact the discuss to 15 December on children my with City York New in conference news major a holding be will I
country. our in been have not should who refugee Somali a by University State Ohio at attack stabbing terrible the for credit taking is ISIS
Carrier Thanks U.S. the in jobs and companies our keep will state.We wonderful that of workers great the and Indiana for Thursday on day Big
workers! for deal Great Indianapolis. in staying A.C. Carrier concerning announcement major a make to Thursday on Indiana to going be will I
Transportation'https://t.co/5FMGdhAZxB of Department the of Secretary as Chao Elaine Nominates Trump J. Donald 'President-Elect
https://t.co/twIgAKJs3s Verma.'https://t.co/ZTh5cuY26Z Seema and Price Tom Congressman Nominate to Intends Trump J. Donald 'President-Elect
safe! Stay wildfires. terrible these during Tennessee of people great the with are prayers and thoughts My
jail! in year or citizenship of loss perhaps - consequences be must there do they if - flag American the burn to allowed be should Nobody
worse! are they election since however Clinton Hillary of support their in badly so failed they after better get would @CNN that thought I
306! - victory another supporters AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE our of all giving WIN Trump a as certified just was Michigan of State Great The
do. to what know don't they that landslide a in loss her yet and Clinton Hillary of support (100%) total their by embarrassed so is .@CNN
impressed! very Petraeus--was General with met Just
deal. terminate will I whole a as U.S. the and people Cuban/American the people Cuban the for deal better a make to unwilling is Cuba If
problem! big - bias Serious this? on reporting media the isn't why so - California and Hampshire New Virginia in fraud voter Serious
forgotten)! are states smaller (but convincingly and easily more even won have would I visited. I that states 15 the of instead states
4-- or 3 in campaign only would I that in College Electoral the than vote popular so-called the win to me for easier much been have would It
illegally voted who people of millions the deduct you if vote popular the won I landslide a in College Electoral the winning to addition In
Sad result! same - spent be will money and time much So lead." to chance the and mind open an him owe We President. our be to going is Trump
-- Donald future the to look and results the accept to have "We said then She democracy." our to threat direct a is That election. this
-- of results the respect would he that say to refused he ... horrifying truly something said "He stated she separately Then position." of
-- kind that take would parties major two our of one of nominee the is that somebody that appalled am one for I election. general a during
- a on standing anyone of expected be must what is that and them liked have not may we when outcomes the accepted We've elections. fair and
-- free had We've years. 240 for around Been works. democracy our way the not is That horrifying. is "That delay: on answer debate Hillary's
change will Nothing in. were results the after and speech victory the to prior just me called she when election the conceded Clinton Hillary
anymore! so Not accepted. be tabulation night election the that asked win to going were they thought incorrectly they when Democrats The
Dems demoralized &amp; defeated badly the by joined being now is recounts impossible for asking by coffers their up fill to scam Party Green The
dead! is Castro Fidel
soon! know Will - PROGRESS MAKING (Indiana). U.S. the in stay to Company A.C. Carrier get to trying Thanksgiving on even hard working am I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE together will We everyone. to Thanksgiving Happy
https://t.co/RY9mGGjrXm Th… Happy ahead. lie that frontiers new exciting the face boldly us let and have we that all for thanks give us Let
remembered! be will children beautiful These ones. loved and members family all to Condolences terrible. so &amp; sad so Tennessee in crash Bus
people! loves who person talented greatly a well--he's him know to gotten I've HUD. of head the as Carson Ben Dr. considering seriously am I
it! to forward Look today. 12:30 at on back is @nytimes the with meeting The
General'https://t.co/LjKTkAZSFy Attorney for Selection Fitting a Sessions 'Jeff
https://t.co/MrPaG7OziQ Praise'https://t.co/UFdLWtwBEQ Garners Director CIA Trump's J. Donald 'President-elect
years. 8 next the for government our run will who people the of formation the concerning Tower Trump at today place take will meetings Great
announce? why but - that understand fully can I high. year 15 a at are them about complaints that announced just @nytimes failing The
tone! nasty a with and inaccurately me cover to continue they meantime the In @nytimes. the with up set be will meeting new a Perhaps
nice Not moment. last the at changed were meeting the of conditions and terms the when @nytimes failing the with meeting today's cancelled I
job! great a do would He States. United the to Ambassador their as Britain Great represent @Nigel_Farage see to like would people Many
deal! big a this makes media crooked the world.Only the over all properties in interests have I that known well was it election the to Prior
https://t.co/HTgPXfPWeJ days. 100 first the for plans policy and update .@transition2017
news! Good done. things get to ability the has and R Harry than smarter far is He Schumer. Chuck with relationship good a had always have I
General! General's true A yesterday. impressive very was Defense of Secretary for considered being is who Mattis Dog" "Mad James General
us? for time Equal all. at funny nothing - show biased one-sided totally a is It night. last Live Night Saturday @nbcsnl of parts watched I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to necessary positions various the out fill to continue I as today Bedminster to coming be will patriots Numerous
behavior terrible their for Pence Mike to apologize immediately should overrated highly is hear I which Hamilton of producers and cast The
Apologize! Pence. Mike man good very a to night last rude very was Hamilton of cast place.The special and safe a be always must Theater The
happen! not should blazing.This cameras Hamilton of cast the by theater the at night last harassed was Pence Mike V.P. future wonderful Our
bad! Too U. Trump on trial winning but long a through go to time the have not did I that is Presidency the winning about thing bad ONLY The
country. our on focus to have I President as because award potential the of fraction small a for lawsuit University Trump the settled I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to helping be will who women and men great the choosing in weekend all working be Will
me! in confidence their for Kentucky of State great the to it owed I Kentucky. in plant Lincoln the keep to Ford Bill with hard worked I
Mexico no - Kentucky in plant Lincoln the keeping be will he that me advised who Ford of Chairman Ford Bill friend my from call a got Just
#MAGA today. candidates great many seeing be will job fantastic a doing and hours long working is which team transition My
me. of coverage their in fools like looked they that upset just is @nytimes them. to available always am I more. and Zealand New Australia
Japan Arabia Saudi China U.K. Russia said. @nytimes failing the what despite leaders foreign many from calls taken and recieved have I
leaders. foreign many to spoken have I Also smoothly. so going is It transition. on wrong totally so is story @nytimes failing The
story. news false typically a was This children. my for clearance" security level "top get to trying not am I
are! finalists the who knows who one only the am I positions. other many and Cabinet on decide I as place taking process organized Very
different! much is Campaigning play. into ones smaller the including states all brings it that in genius actually is College Electoral The
easily more and bigger even won and California and Florida N.Y. in campaigned have would I vote popular total on based were election the If
win! the us gave SUPPORTERS GREAT OUR plus rallies large the of intensity and speeches plus third and second the especially debates The
Enjoy! P.M. 7:00 - game NFL the after tonight @60Minutes on interviewed be will I
this! said never I they. are dishonest How weapons." nuclear acquire should countries "more believes DJT that today states @nytimes The
incredible! were Ohio of people The win. the on me congratulate to called Ohio of State GREAT GREAT GREAT the of Kasich John Governor
nice! Very win. the on wishes best their express to called all H.W. George and W George Bush Jeb
nice! Very win. the on me congratulate to called Romney Mitt
it? doubt - change will it if wonder I me. of coverage BAD their for apologizing subscribers their to letter a sent @nytimes The
phenomena" "Trump the of coverage inaccurate highly and poor very their of because subscribers of thousands losing is @nytimes the Wow
win! win win will we and unite will We Americans. ALL of lives the in time great a be to prove will This
https://t.co/wPk7QWpK8Z #ThankAVet forces. armed our in served have who those all to gratitude deepest our express we Today
government! our running be will who people the on decisions important very some making be soon Will York. New in planned day Busy
proud! be and together come all will We country. great our for passion have night last protesters of groups small the that fact the Love
unfair! Very protesting. are media the by incited protesters professional Now election. presidential successful and open very a had Just
lot! a O Mrs. liked Melania chemistry. great meeting good Really time. first for Obama President with Met D.C. in day fantastic A
https://t.co/Lz2dhrXzo4 service!! your for you Thank Corps! Marine U.S. the to birthday 241st Happy
before never as together come all will We again. forgotten be never will woman and man forgotten The evening! important and beautiful a Such
https://t.co/HfuJeRZbod #MAGA???? #ElectionNight 9:45pm. at returns the Watching
https://t.co/UZtYAY1Ba6 #ElectionNight #iVoted #VoteTrump! to time Still
FLORIDA! GO left. time much is there but well doing are We OVER! FROM FAR is election this - vote to out getting keep up let Don't
country" entire across problems machine voting report officials "Utah @CNN: to according out Just
exciting! Very friends. and family my with Manhattan in Tower Trump from results election the watching be will I
https://t.co/FZhOncih21 https://t.co/MXrAxYnTjY #ElectionDay
https://t.co/zGOx74Ebhw https://t.co/VMUdvi1tx1… location: poll your Find MOVEMENT! this continue Let's POLLS! the to Go vote. your need We
https://t.co/KPQ5EY9VwQ Again!… Great America Make to going are We location. polling your find to https://t.co/MXrAxYnTjY to Go TODAY! VOTE
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE WE TODAY
https://t.co/onRpEvzHrW MI!… you Thank House! White the back WIN to going are we and MICHIGAN of state great the win to going are we Today
https://t.co/hP88anrfgk here:… rally NH Watch now. Michigan Rapids Grand to Flying YOU! THANK - Hampshire New in evening Unbelievable
soon. you See great! looking Polls tonight! Hampshire New in share to news Big
https://t.co/8eELqk2wUw cont: oppression- against fight their in Venezuela and Cuba of people the with stand to pledged I Florida in Today
https://t.co/zcH9crFIKM https://t.co/d29DLINGst… here: rally PA Watch Michigan. to on and now Hampshire New to Going Pennsylvania! you Thank
https://t.co/Ej0LmMK3YU #MAGA!! LETS tomorrow. VOTE &amp; out Get Pennsylvania. in minutes few a for me Join #Periscope: on LIVE
@EricGreitens! SEAL Navy outsider Vote amnesty! &amp; Obamacare supports Koster @koster4missouri! &amp; Hillary Crooked defeat let's Missouri Hey
outsider'https://t.co/ll8QIW9SqW an or system corrupt a perspective fresh or policies failed between decide must 'America
Him'https://t.co/6rVuDUehZq for Vote to Need You Why and ... Trump About Like I 'What
https://t.co/RpwIYB7aOV Trump' 'Why
https://t.co/jZzfqUZNYh tomorrow!Watch:… https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ and out Get support! amazing your for you thank Carolina- North you love I
https://t.co/6L2ILD6r8h way! my On
https://t.co/EUo0keWX1Y #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Lets soon! all you See Arena. Dorton J.S. the to heading Carolina- North in landed Just
https://t.co/ig62Kjkkvl here:… Florida!Watch Sarasota morning great a for you Thank #AmericaFirst! be to going it's tomorrow Starting
https://t.co/WOsEcjM8sm https://t.co/Nid8qcFTwY #ICYMI: #VoteTrumpPence16! and out get - DAY ONE In Virginia! support you for you Thank
https://t.co/qbcJZAzw6z #MAGA… AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE Lets support. amazing your for grateful forever am I Pennsylvania- you Thank
https://t.co/cSdGkCFYRL Watch… #DrainTheSwamp! to chance last our it's again- seen be never will that MOVEMENT a is This Michigan! you Thank
https://t.co/ek8Cn3CgTr Watch:… everyone! for again GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we Together 11/8/16. begins story comeback American Our
https://t.co/e8SaXiJrxj https://t.co/fVThC7yIL6 watch: #ICYMI- #MAGA! &amp; #DrainTheSwamp to time is It Minnesota! you Thank
https://t.co/pgFMLp0173 11pm.… at Michigan Rapids 5:30pm.https://t.co/BcErCtsPdFGrand at Pennsylvania 11/7/2016Scranton - MONDAY
https://t.co/QsukELQmKb https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ #VoteTrumpPence16! &amp; out Get - Iowa you Thank
https://t.co/BvEF9cC7o7 Trade: With Do to Has It — Wall’ Blue the in Crack A Is ‘There Jones: Van
https://t.co/LbvNHo6T2k here:… rally watch #ICYMI AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Together you! thank Colorado- Denver in night Great
https://t.co/A4eeHoCbGS #AmericaFirst… AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE to quest our in us stop will NOTHING Nevada. Reno you Thank
https://t.co/EPqRXHa1CM Nevada!https://t.co/T4bf1hrxaA Reno in live me Join
https://t.co/A1oVhCrT6t 9:30p… • 6pmhttps://t.co/9BqGVKNNrtVIRGINIA • 2pmhttps://t.co/WcgLh4prS7MICHIGAN • TOMORROW!MINNESOTA ME JOIN
#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/z68vGp9Bvf
https://t.co/mHYvQtIq78 Vision: No Tactics’ ‘All Campaign Bemoan Aides Clinton Top
Lawhttps://t.co/hsi4qhqTV1 The Breaking Were They Execs Told Lawyer Charity Clinton Immediately’: Act ‘Must
@FoxNews. @jessebwatters with #WattersWorld on 8pmE at tonight supporter and guy great a Ditka- Mike Coach Watch
https://t.co/6ZJZRBfLST life!… entire your for waiting been you've CHANGE the from away days 3 are We Carolina. North Wilmington you Thank
https://t.co/1GscFNaV4L https://t.co/q43kHf7MoE here: watch #ICYMI- Florida! Tampa morning this support incredible the for you Thank
https://t.co/BcErCtsPdF 5:30pm: @ Monday Pennsylvania Scranton https://t.co/LJYGIK7MriNEW- 9:30pm: at tonight Colorado Denver in me Join
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/maWukVBTr8 here… watch #ICYMI #RallyForRiley #MAGA! will we &amp; 8th November on VOTE &amp; out Get Pennsylvania. Hershey you Thank
https://t.co/LJYGIK7Mri 9:30pm!Tickets: at tomorrow Colorado Denver in me Join
https://t.co/JWfGI1vlwW https://t.co/xEj6sZpb12 LIVE: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pennsylvania! Hershey in live me Join
https://t.co/7dcSHOkuzc US.… is country our save to enough strong force only The YOU. is machine corrupt this stop can that thing only The
https://t.co/7CH8ZnGdOa Watch:… States! United the in family every for healthcare save and Obamacare replace can we so VOTE Ohio! you Thank
Ohio!https://t.co/nQ2p4EulLu Wilmington in live me Join
off! better much be all would we Hillary elect and protect to trying has he as country our out straightening on hard as worked Obama If
https://t.co/09aSrBwQrv NATIONWIDE'… VIOLENCE DRUG &amp; CARTELS GANGS UNLEASH WILL PLAN IMMIGRATION HILLARY WARN OFFICERS 'ICE
https://t.co/uxcazVkb32 Watc… lives! American aliens&amp;save criminal all deport drugs the stop immigration illegal end will We NH! you Thank
Emails:https://t.co/GY5pGKaDoW HRC Some Releasing Not ‘Definitely’ Aides: Clinton
#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/LZkvFc071z Justice" Obama at Campaign Clinton "The
https://t.co/N9380pVmuM 10am: at Florida Tampa https://t.co/eCLECMkYLwTomorrow- 4pm: at Ohio Wilmington in today me Join
https://t.co/8uIrhgYRsl here… watch Carolina!#ICYMI North Selma you Thank reach! our of outside dream no great too challenge no is There
https://t.co/sb5irRxjxJ https://t.co/eCLECM3nmW Tickets: #DrainTheSwamp! to time is It 4:00pm! at tomorrow Ohio Wilmington in me Join
https://t.co/bSuGvInNF1 serve. to unfit is #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/7j4MBn1Waf t… going are we and D.C. Washington to going are we 8th November on win WE When Carolina! North Concord you Thank
https://t.co/DiKmSnTlC2 proud.… very all you make will We family. and country of love our about speak Melania wife beautiful my Watching
people! American the for work to back Get Obamacare? fixing &amp; jobs creating of instead campaigning he is Why MIA. @ One Force Air at Looking
REPLACE! AND REPEAL will I work Doesn't expensive. more even it making by it save to wants Clinton Hillary disaster. total a is ObamaCare
Carolina. North from watching be will I crowds! big exciting So afternoon. this Pennsylvania in speaking be will Melania wife My
https://t.co/tSI0YP2LL9 #DrainTheSwamp #ImWithYou AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We Arlene! you Thank
https://t.co/eHTGIEpFsm #6Days #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/LPXBQZ5AXt ch… and woman man forgotten every for justice delivering from away days six just are We Florida! Orlando you Thank
https://t.co/YivCacmkKq #DrainTheSwamp! in. closing is corruption Hillary's Crooked scandal and lies of decades After
https://t.co/ZZjbGDZP7e post-election: TPP on labor betray to planned Clinton supporters told surrogate when fumed camp Clinton
https://t.co/KZXB4B156M #DrainTheSwamp! do." Clintons the Clearly Department. Justice the like places- high in friends have to pays "It
https://t.co/MKYPOp0MeD White… the back win to going are we and - FLORIDA of STATE GREAT the WIN to going are we days 6 In Miami! you Thank
all. us on attack an is safe us keep who those on attack An morning. this ambushed were who police Iowa two the of families the for Praying
system! Rigged run. cannot - Guilty Congress. States United the by subpoenaed were they AFTER e-mails 33000 deleted Clinton Hillary Crooked
triple! will costs Hillary With healthcare. better MUCH and expensive less MUCH have will We ObamaCare. replace and repeal to going am I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to vote your change mistake big a was Hillary that see you that now So states. six in vote your change can You
https://t.co/kEQuuJeO1B tomorrow!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p… Florida in me Join
https://t.co/gKBkKmTudn #MAGA!… &amp; #DrainTheSwamp to time is It @ScottWalker! Governor and Wisconsin support incredible your for you Thank
#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/P3ajiACiXK to Time emails. 'dump' to camp Clinton urging Podesta reveal emails WikiLeaks
https://t.co/NYvVmoA8wl emerged' server private of use after emails over hand to team Clinton urged 'Podesta
https://t.co/QIDBiDpat8 There'https://t.co/EvBp0xESPN Something ‘There’s Idea Reinforcing Comey of Criticism Dem Brzezinski: Mika
https://t.co/y7m8iVU173 Democrats: To Talking When Israel Supporting Avoid To Her Wanted Advisers Hillary
https://t.co/wTCd108yrV Obamacare: repeal to session special promises Trump
https://t.co/QUZn97CEOq chairman: campaign her represented probe Clinton in involved official DOJ Top jail': of out me 'Kept
California. in seat congressional his win him Help man. good very a is .@DarrellIssa
https://t.co/6GWgmCV23Z here:… it watch can You today. Pennsylvania Forge Valley in were I and @mike_pence Governor #ICYMI:
news! page front been have would it me were that if Brazile Donna from questions debate the got she report didn't Crooked that terrible So
https://t.co/kNzrAeuLZO FLORIDA!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p… IN TOMORROW ME JOIN
RIGGED! Congress. U.S. from subpoena a getting AFTER e-mails 33000 deleted She president. for run to allowed be not should Hillary Crooked
blow-up! Hillary Crooked the before mostly weeks two in points 12 up Gone 45. to 46 Poll /@washingtonpost @ABC in leading now Wow
judgement! Bad president. be to unfit is She in. is she mess total the and case e-mail the handling is Hillary Crooked way the at Look
https://t.co/pjXELwc5E1 SWAMP!Watch: THE DRAIN to time is It America. us join - live Streaming Michigan. Warren you hear I Wow!
https://t.co/gaXOWVI0Xa #HillarycareFail #ObamacareFail
https://t.co/gN7BYfLD9K https://t.co/2mDQCs6coB watch: #ICYMI- Michigan! Rapids Grand you Thank
&gt;https://t.co/CZ1QmzCxwO Contribute record. bigger a set we Today #DrainTheSwamp WEEK. RECORD week! one just in online raised Million+ $25
https://t.co/aHltfG7U4I introducing… be will medal gold a and championships many wins 900+ has who Knight Bobby coach basketball Legendary
#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/6qOO7FZSvF Foundation' Clinton For Million $28 In Resulted Morocco To Favors Official Two 'Hillary's
https://t.co/iyXwiP0rvd 3pm:https://t.co/DREwbH7ZVd at 12pm:https://t.co/xFPRNF7pnFWarren at Rapids Michigan!Grand in tomorrow me Join
https://t.co/K2RSgt2Zh5 rally:… #DrainTheSwampWatch VOTE! &amp; out Get you. thank - evening this Mexico New Albuquerque in rally Beautiful
https://t.co/qz5AL7zvp4 Watch:… corruption! govt. END will plan Our govt. the to honesty restoring means change REAL CO! Greeley you Thank
https://t.co/uIloPRtEn9 here:… watch #ICYMI- VOTE! &amp; out Get now. Colorado Greeley for Departing you! love I Nevada- Vegas Las you Thank
https://t.co/UHRTgS88B5 3pm:… at tomorrow MI noon:https://t.co/xFPRNEPNZ5Warren at tomorrow MI Rapids Michigan!Grand tomorrow you See
media! dishonest Very Clinton. of investigation criminal FBI the burying are Facebook and Google Twitter Wow
delayed! have not should overwhelming was evidence Original ago. days few a just Comey Director FBI praised and loved Dems the and Hillary
states! in great - Friday on announcement investigation criminal the before taken were these of many and polls many in leading now are We
https://t.co/vMPTsLXsCT me!Tickets:… join - tomorrow Mexico New and Colorado Nevada in be Will Arizona. &amp; Colorado in day Great
https://t.co/gqZLLxcenk 100… first our in accomplish can WE what imagine Just leadership. POWERFUL new for Time Arizona! Phoenix YOU THANK
https://t.co/34ATTgICTz you! Thank now. right Tower Trump outside Americans great - nice So
https://t.co/93L7JfdmXJ https://t.co/zNzmWuZPiVOverflow: here: Watch rally. unbelievable an after - now Arizona for CO. Golden Departing
https://t.co/iusXk4n9w7 #ObamacareFail
https://t.co/7SCol4vQlM 7p: NM- https://t.co/JYimiIbqKBAlbuquerque 4p: CO- https://t.co/KluudKImvnGreeley 11a: NV- Vegas Tomorrow!Las
yesterday! as big as be can nothing but - planned day big - Colorado in am I
https://t.co/pheYCksxq0 https://t.co/Eix7SspO2ZPhoenix:… 3pm!TICKETS:Golden: at Arizona or - tomorrow 12pm at Colorado in me Join
https://t.co/HVPjw6qeQ2 to… going are We NOW! is change for time The OVER! is waiting The Iowa. and Hampshire New Maine you Thank
soon! speaking - Iowa in landed Just
https://t.co/GtPkj4xIz6 #DrainTheSwamp Office. Oval the into SCHEME CRIMINAL her take #CrookedHillary let not must We
inspiring! is Israel think I depressing.” is “Israel said adviser Clinton Hillary Tanden Neera out: Just
ObamaCare! as known disaster the about talking be Will Hampshire. New to Heading
instincts" "Bad respect. self of out them fire would I her about said people Hillary's &amp; Podesta that me about things the said people my If
https://t.co/0LjE9qbNLh 3pm: at night tomorrow Arizona https://t.co/QWaEJpR79nPhoenix 7pm: at Iowa Rapids Cedar in tonight me Join
https://t.co/a7t5QN2iqW countr… our of OUT TERRORISTS ISLAMIC RADICAL keep to going am I President elected am I If Ohio. Geneva you Thank
https://t.co/ZqJmf4QcwH #MAGA #AmericaFirst day. the of rally 3rd our Ohio- Geneva from rally tonight's watch &amp; Facebook on @TeamTrump Join
https://t.co/BLMkZQ8svK #DrainTheSwamp… hook. the off terrorists letting by career political her launched Hillary Crooked
Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at tonight @oreillyfactor on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/aI2HtiRUzr #MAGA… Lets support. &amp; feedback the of all appreciate I yesterday. Carolina North Charlotte in speech a delivered I
#MAGA!https://t.co/NU39Mmlh1T &amp; #DrainTheSwamp to Time Ohio. Toledo in live me Join
https://t.co/CniHGkjp0v #MAGAhttps://t.co/QWaEJpzvKN 7:00pm! at tomorrow Iowa Rapids Cedar in me Join
https://t.co/P2edj2MoXy 11/8.… on me with #DrainTheSwamp to Vote voice. your am I you. hear I &amp; you see I Americans all To agree- I #ICYMI:
https://t.co/RNgCUUqO4X https://t.co/dEoXV6oS3b… here: watch - #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI and out Get Ohio. Springfield you Thank
Ohio!https://t.co/LREA7WRmOx Springfield in live me Join
#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/UfDVzeSDfd income. personal and charity of intersection reveals memo Hacked Inc.’: Clinton ‘Bill Inside
IAhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm Rapids Cedar ME Lisbon NH FRIDAY:Manchester OH Geneva OH Toledo OH #MAGATODAY:Springfield ME! JOIN
https://t.co/D7nBwkogBb 11/8. on me w/ #DrainTheSwamp to Vote voice. your am I you. hear I &amp; you see I Americans all To @MMFlint- agree I
President"https://t.co/PlFILR6JCn Former to Business Steer to Donors Pressed Fundraisers Foundation’s "Clinton
#CircleOfEnrichment”https://t.co/4OGP3tPxyp Protect To Server Secret Used "Clinton Fournier: Ron
Scandals'https://t.co/MfRy3Nvd4F and Dishonesty Clinton's on Deadline 8 Nov. No There's Thing: One Prove Releases Drip-Drop 'WikiLeaks
on? going is What lines. BIG happy. not are People Texas. in booths voting the at flipping vote about call-ins of lot A
https://t.co/jOelj829Pg VOTE… &amp; out Get #DrainTheSwamp? to want and lies the of Tired REPLACE. &amp; REPEAL must We disaster. a is Obamacare
https://t.co/x7wtERl55d here:… rally tonight's watch can You VOTE!! and out Get you! thank - Carolina North Kinston in evening Beautiful
https://t.co/ga6DQZrIR0 speech:… Full renewal. urban on speech a delivered I - #ICYMI afternoon! Great Carolina. North Charlotte you Thank
https://t.co/hBIrGj21l6 to… fit not is She lie. total a be to out Turned USSS.) by surrounded (while fire sniper under was she said Hillary
https://t.co/7qbIRel33u TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:https://t.co/YcbpSigtvaToledo-4pm:https://t.co/BOJH0l1CZzGeneva-7pm… OHIO IN ME JOIN
OBAMACARE! REPLACE AND REPEAL
https://t.co/GDKhwrCa9R here: watch VOTE!#ICYMI- &amp; out Get MOVEMENT! the with evening beautiful A Florida! Tallahassee you Thank
https://t.co/zVXrScClfd here:… rally afternoons this watch #ICYMI- #TrumpPence16! VOTE &amp; out Get Florida. Sanford you Thank
#ObamaCareInThreeWords REPLACE!!! AND REPEAL
https://t.co/Ot6vQGqVW0 everyday!… them for fight will I Project. Remembrance The @ families with time of lot a spent &amp; met have I
https://t.co/oDLvZg7MLk win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain will we and -- soon you see will I - Colorado in ballots your Get
https://t.co/7mIkwAHTuV #DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/AkczH8l0FJ to Time 2008.' In Elections Rigged Of Warned 'Obama
can't!#ObamacareFailed Hillary it. fix will I explode. to ready - sky the through going Rates disaster. a is Obamacare
https://t.co/aRdlFkVjAx #MAGA… Association. Veterans Pigs of Bay the from endorsement presidential ever first the receive to honored Truly
https://t.co/5CvoMbVceT #ObamacareFail replace! &amp; repeal to Time beginning. the from saying been I've as - disaster a is Obamacare
https://t.co/90Aixp25Oc #ObamacareFail
https://t.co/xDPhVczf1g #ObamacareFail replace! &amp; repeal to Time disaster! a is Obamacare
https://t.co/5Zvsys8j5w #ObamacareFail
https://t.co/Mb0YW1rg6g #ObamacareFail
https://t.co/XXvLRlhSaz again! great America make will We you! for fight will I and voice your am I vote! and out Get
year:https://t.co/TCdHEdPQDG next 25% jump to premiums Obamacare Key
https://t.co/fY1REYV4rK replace! &amp; repeal will We worse. it make only will H Crooked again. --- SKYROCKET to about are premiums #Obamacare
Democrats:https://t.co/7aWWVQPjTo Clinton for news bad some looms election As
https://t.co/IpSUYnXcp6 AMERICA… MAKE and D.C. Washington in #DrainTheSwamp FLORIDA WIN will We you! thank Florida- Tampa in crowd Record
https://t.co/Vx5iltoaXj done! have you as Florida for well as do can I hope I support! your and tonight intro the for Bowden Bobby you Thank
https://t.co/sbVwctT1Sj #DrainTheSwamp Washington! to CHANGE &amp; accountability honesty restore will voter American the with contract My
https://t.co/mQRkfMG80j #DrainTheSwamp Bear' the Clinton vs. Bull the 'Trump Navarro: Peter
law'https://t.co/sTreHAfYUH the broke that campaign troll Duck' 'Donald ordered PERSONALLY Hillary camera: on caught operative 'Democratic
6pm:https://t.co/WKI69e1bqD at 3pm:https://t.co/PZENw9KhegTallahassee at Florida!Sanford Tallahassee or Sanford in tomorrow me Join
https://t.co/zgwqhy2jBX now!… Tampa to Off #DrainTheSwamp! lets and - MOVEMENT the Join VOTE! and out Get Florida! Augustine St. YOU THANK
https://t.co/mPzVrcaR9L AGAIN!… GREAT AMERICA MAKE &amp; #DrainTheSwamp Lets Florida! Augustine St. in page Facebook my on LIVE me Join
https://t.co/PSTcOei5t1 AG… GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together you! thank - @SJSOPIO from endorsement an receive to Honored
https://t.co/1GVq74iW8a Audience' Hall Town In Planted Supporters Control Gun Had Clinton 'Hillary
https://t.co/eLunEQRxZq me:… join - 7pm at Tampa in be Will rally. 3pm a for Augustine St. to heading - now Florida Beach Palm West Leaving
#DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/IkeqMRjX5z Donations'#PayToPlay Foreign Questionable Most Foundation’s Clinton 'The
https://t.co/MgJxNbxRga COUNTY:… FL. BY VOTING EARLY #MAGA! lets VOTE- &amp; out Get Florida. Beach Boynton in Table Round Farmers Departing
https://t.co/jIOR7Bq816 41% 43%Clinton Trump NATIONAL #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN will we and 11/8/2016- on VOTE to out Get
8th! November on #DrainTheSwamp vote! and out get you- fool them let Don't it. report to refusing is press the and winning are We
win! will Trump but Clinton for tank the in Media Catholics? about WikiLeaks on emanated views horrible the about Kaine asked nobody has Why
WIN! to going are We . Trump the the suppress to order in polls phony up making are Dems the that story Major
ISIS! - happen this let cannot We possible. as Syrians many as in take to wants Hillary Crooked that tape secret on out came just Wow
https://t.co/U0w99gfyKE Wife' Official’s FBI of Campaign Aided Ally 'Clinton
#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/eHsuBdi8XM Gays' Anti-Women Are That Nations From Million $56 To Up Got Charity 'Clinton
https://t.co/5ZbteSJ00K rally… Naples Full #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Lets 11/8. on #TrumpPence16 VOTE and out Get Florida! Naples you Thank
AGAIN! WIN and TRUMP VOTE dumb. so looking is U.S. notice. of months them gave We disaster. total a be to out turning is Mosul on attack The
https://t.co/BT1Nv0ZMYg #PayToPlay #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/g9LBxI1dJ8 https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1 Tickets: 6:00pm! at evening this Florida Naples in me Join
https://t.co/bnGcJUt7UL chance! last our is this -- #DrainTheSwamp to time is It #TrumpPence16. VOTE &amp; 8th November on out get - Remember
https://t.co/5Eyfi092vn Lead’ Molten To Turns Touch ‘They Everything Corrupt So Are Clintons The Prosecutor: Former
@reviewjournal via https://t.co/uH5GH7Bhe0 president' for Trump 'Donald EDITORIAL: Journal! Review Vegas Las you Thank
president! I'm if happen doesn't This release. their for fortune a for asking and people our of two Taken again. it done has Iran Well
Clinton Hillary Crooked about Obama Mrs. by made statement A House" White the run can't certainly you house own your run can't you "If
https://t.co/XuJZeJwSGk here:… rally 11/8.Watch on #TrumpPence16 VOTE &amp; out Get Ohio! Cleveland tonight- turnout massive the for you Thank
Pick'https://t.co/e1NVdpSfNr Veep of Timing About Lied Even 'Clinton-Kaine WikiLeaks:
House'https://t.co/OrwOIFJuSz White in days 100 first for policies out lays 'Trump
problems'https://t.co/i4zN2QzKnf caused account email secret her Clinton told Abedin 'Huma
https://t.co/SS58ChFTNy via: LIVE now I and @Mike_Pence Governor join Ohio- Cleveland in arrived Just
#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/b5HqsGrc7N failure'#DrainTheSwamp of 'Architect Clinton: Hillary
https://t.co/CN3sdX5ft1 Ohio.… Cleveland - stop Next you! Thank Virginia. Beach Virginia in supporters of crowd Unbelievable
#MAGA! LET'S https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ- to Go VOTE! your need I PEOPLE the for &amp; by of GOVERNMENT new a create &amp; #DrainTheSwamp to order In
https://t.co/Sa6XUfueU4 SAFE.… be will people our &amp; STRONG be will economy our - Voter American the with Contract my introduced I Today
https://t.co/OH9Lvo3R7K #MAGA system. broken very our outside from come to has Change
List'https://t.co/JC25rNtx6G Money ‘Islamist Forum’s East Middle Tops Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/jWgLcxDji7 #DrainTheSwamp Pennsylvania! Gettysburg you Thank
https://t.co/BV2RFavG84 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… and #DrainTheSwamp Lets you. thank morning this poll new Great now. Pennsylvania in Landing
https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1 6pm: @ Florida-tomorrow https://t.co/hre7FofPxQNaples us: join tonight- @mike_pence w/ Ohio Cleveland in be Will
happens! what watch - ever crowds Biggest place. first in me have that polls national new three the about talk to refuses media The
Gettysburg! to tomorrow back going be Will crowd. Amazing jobs. their back bringing be will we where Pennsylvania from returned Just
https://t.co/kfJv5Po0x6 #MAGATickets:… us! join - 7pm at night tomorrow Ohio Cleveland in be will I and @Mike_Pence Governor
https://t.co/eb6XuMlbFW Watch:… #MAGA! Lets 11/8/16. on VOTE &amp; out Get Pennsylvania. Newtown in supporters of crowd great the to you Thank
https://t.co/z58aeo4CO7 violation’ OPSEC an ‘unquestionably is email hacked Podesta’s to info. intelligence U.S. sending #CrookedHillary
#CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/bcYLslrxi0 #DrainTheSwamp reporters’ malleable and friendly ‘VERY with work camp’s Clinton reveals WikiLeaks
https://t.co/LQNbISSoX0 are' things how about despair in more are 'people says chair DNC Acting - Economy Obama Shreds Brazile Donna
https://t.co/sjwkuq3nkk https://t.co/3cBNYjl5CD #DrainTheSwamp it." knows she and mess this created Clinton} Hillary "{Crooked
https://t.co/0VDdGdpCTg #DrainTheSwamp! to Watchdog'Time Dept State Smear To Times York New With Worked Reid Harry And Campaign 'Clinton
https://t.co/dL7VDMqSLy information’" ‘sensitive guarding and cybersecurity on underlings lectured Clinton video 2010 "In IRONIC: VERY
https://t.co/DUMlbSkVeY afternoon… this PA. in MOVEMENT the Watch 11/8! on VOTE &amp; out Get you. thank Pennsylvania- Johnstown in crowd Great
https://t.co/rtWhdYOyq7 interest. of conflicts of examples” different “500 name could he said official Foundation Clinton top A
https://t.co/HWOQ7jQWY2 Fdn. Clinton to Morocco” of VI Mohammed King from commitment $12M negotiating of center at “was #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/IG5KhKIz3W 8th… November on out Get now! Pennsylvania Johnstown to Heading you! thank Carolina- North Fletcher in crowd Great
times. exciting very are these you Thank WON! I unanimous almost is it and debate final the on in are results The
https://t.co/juvdLIJPWu again.#DrainTheSwamp - act the in Crooked catches WikiLeaks CORRUPT! it call us of rest the "MESS" a it calls Huma
https://t.co/oz24r2xW7G #RepealObamacare Promises. Broken Obama's &amp; Hillary
https://t.co/J7ldXmUmJm INCR… PREMIUM MASSIVE seeing are #Obamacare disastrous have that those coverage- health without those to addition In
Obama. Thanks $18142. are they Today $13375. cost premiums employer-provided 2009 in office took Obama When
https://t.co/NgyCkEH7Xn DELIVER! will I and president I'm when jobs 25M create We'll FAILED. and NY in jobs 200k promised Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/esLgql0Gg8 slog… her forget Don't not. Probably back? $$$ the give she Will countries. ME oppressive from MILLIONS took Crooked
debate'https://t.co/Wh52fyLNRz third the won 'Trump
https://t.co/hre7Foxqpo 7pm. @ OH https://t.co/uASvA4Gd4rSATURDAYCleveland 12pm. @ NC ME!TOMORROWFletcher JOIN - RALLIES UPCOMING
https://t.co/fpShHiXI31 https://t.co/0qAjfOcu6Y here: RALLY!Watch OHIO - #ICYMI
https://t.co/tv7ihuvmfS #EarlyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Let's vote! your have to honored be truly would we family entire the of behalf On
https://t.co/qjMBZkEnK9 #PayToPlay you!#DrainTheSwamp cost to going it's - forget Don't Hillary? Crooked to access Want
https://t.co/ntDRTzYOqi country!… this LOSE to going are we or election this WIN we either Remember- Ohio! County Delaware you Thank
https://t.co/45Vyk6z18m to… need we this do to order In country! this in TERRORISM ISLAMIC RADICAL stop will I - POTUS elected If
Hillary. Crooked them! used secretly she - questions debate the given inappropriately was she that announce Clinton Hillary didn't Why
https://t.co/n4eZ3qpcjg 40% Clinton 43%Hillary Trump PollDonald National #MAGARasmussen America! you Thank
https://t.co/ivdjRzL6wZ to… time is It MOVEMENT. our for debate final the win to honored am I America- you Thank Ohio. in landed Just
https://t.co/FYoRo6MUjX https://t.co/Rs5brj31bA Watch: illegal! Highly truth. the on chokes Brazile Donna dishonest Totally
https://t.co/wsgsf5nv6H #Debate (4100)#DrainTheSwamp 17% (18290)CLINTON 77% Poll:TRUMP Debate Presidential Times Washington The
https://t.co/V84qfN4oz1 #MAGA!https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW to MOVEMENT the Join
https://t.co/SvcjmrsHKD #MAGA????#Debate will we together #DrainTheSwamp we Once America! you thank - poll Great
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE points. my of all Made exciting. really was That
https://t.co/5v1tWzHrxq #Debateshttps://t.co/vpDVQfO58A now! live page- Facebook my on over team my Join
https://t.co/mZUFP24Bgh to… need we First #AmericanUnity. of future new a create will We end. an to coming is division of era The
#BigLeagueTruth Hillary. for vote you if get you’ll what that’s and Obama Barack of years more four take cannot We
#debate #MAGA do. to going I’m what That’s Again. Great America Make to campaign this started I
https://t.co/t1Sr8dk2Xi #Debate POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp CARE HEALTH HILLARY'S
https://t.co/fsv7P11mWV #DrainTheSwamp people! to doing is what at Look #Obamacare! replace &amp; repeal to have We
https://t.co/41X9Qjy0RJ #DrainTheSwamp… LEAGUE! BIG taxes raise to going is Crooked -- LEAGUE BIG taxes cut to going is .@realDonaldTrump
https://t.co/MmeW2qsTQh h… happen to it allow will @HillaryClinton and refugees as posing by Europe over all countries infiltrated has ISIS
https://t.co/o8g2E5xXy6 #DrainTheSwamp policies.#BigLeagueTruth failed same these of years more four take cannot economy The
https://t.co/2Yfd0Omn4X #Debates FUTURES! AMERICAN and LIVES American JOBS American save can we Together
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth change! need We deals. our negotiate hacks political let we but world the in people business greatest the has USA
https://t.co/tU0iW3Gi9v doing?#DrainTheSwamp been leadership our has What LONG! TOO AROUND BEEN HAVE THEY ISIS. DEFEAT WILL I
https://t.co/FzRMObNQVn plan: my Here's LAUGHABLE! them? defeat she'll claims now she rise to ISIS allowed @HillaryClinton Crooked After
https://t.co/1O86a49vJZ Performance… Bad @HillaryClinton's and Debate GREAT @realDonaldTrump's About Saying Are They What
suboptimal."https://t.co/PRCHvRtPVA are instincts "Her
https://t.co/Um5WJXWfBZ DISASTER. a was it supported she's else everything with As it. for voted Hillary Iraq. into going opposed I
https://t.co/eoBiXFPc5f #DrainTheSwamp #BigLeagueTruth
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth Instincts. Bad HRC: on Podesta John Judgement. Bad HRC: on Sanders Bernie
https://t.co/H1UH0svtt2 RESET?BENGHAZI… PIVOT?RUSSIAN ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA #BigLeagueTruth WORLD. THE OVER ALL FAILED HILLARY
https://t.co/TmsY0ApFLQ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary. for wasn't it if Mosul- lost NEVER have would We Mosul?" back "take says Hillary
https://t.co/m0LKHRUoHz #DrainTheSwamp @HillaryClinton! back money the give should You
#Debate https://t.co/a4p7q9jZde #DrainTheSwamp MUST We Dept. State the at interests of conflicts massive in MIRED were aides top Crooked’s
https://t.co/Kgcaf5tdTM #DrainTheSwamp East. Middle the from MILLIONS taken has Foundation Clinton The RIGHT. Trump's FACT-CHECK: LIVE
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/89eOMTsIjt #DrainTheSwamp! to Time ENTERPRISE. CRIMINAL a is foundation @HillaryClinton's Crooked
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate question.” pay-to-play the answer won’t you “Respectfully Moderator:
https://t.co/3Mz4T7qTTR Debates #DrainTheSwamp! to time is It CLINTON'S! the of enough had has America lie. to loves .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/6E767Uw6Dj #BigLeagueTruth #MAGA NOTHING! change and anything say She'll
https://t.co/tuNQePu8Vk #BigLeagueTruth #Debate years! 30 last the in done has Hillary than office in days 30 first the in more do will I
https://t.co/aCzOgFIfZ2 Benghazi! in claimed she like - "spontaneous" weren't incidents These rallies. my at violence incited camp Crooked's
https://t.co/skhBWG6AQ3 #Debate #BigLeagueTruth PUPPET! Street Wall a than more nothing is #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/10iUBOcECp #DrainTheSwamp #BigLeagueTruth Illinois. Chicago in campaign- her &amp; @HillaryClinton by you to Brought
https://t.co/GunaVggS0N #Debate… years! 30 last the in done has Hillary than office in days 30 first the in more do will .@realDonaldTrump
blessed she and signed husband Hillary’s bill the of b/c anymore things make don’t We business. and jobs lost We’ve stagnant. is country Our
https://t.co/64Kll0Dl7K c… a Not that? do can she Think jobs. million 25 create will We life. her in job a created never has Hillary Crooked
#BigLeagueTruth been? she has YEARS....where THIRTY for this doing been has .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/wVMFHdyCu2 #BigLeagueTruth… WWII... since slowest the that’s recovery economic an for “A” an Obama gives #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/kGx88PEpmX #DrainTheSwamp CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth IS CHOICE THE
#Debate again. running economy this get to going We’re up. it tear to going we’re deal great a make can’t I If NAFTA. renegotiate will I
https://t.co/jpjKY1IiQh #Debate #DrainTheSwamp her! afford cannot We taxes. new in TRILLION $1.15 add will plan #CrookedHillary's
https://t.co/5yxnt0gNUF #Debates #DrainTheSwamp #BigLeageTruth Spending. More Taxes. More #CrookedHillary. from expect can we what is This
https://t.co/jhDLwFez3v #BigLeagueTruth
https://t.co/NgMDP4wilI https://t.co/EtA1tBnrNG LEAGUE. BIG -- taxes cut will I economy. our CRUSH will hikes tax .@HillaryClinton's
https://t.co/SmjNuHi7XB #BigLeagueTruth#Debates York. New upstate promised she what Remember jobs? about talking .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/tj6PWM5r1J #Debate… #MakeAmericaStrongAgain will I people. American the for DISASTER policy foreign a been has .@HillaryClinton
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate spending. government more and regulation more for calls plan Hillary Moderator:
https://t.co/c2EiyU8XKK #DrainTheSwamp! to #BigLeagueTruthTime failed. and failed failed have you .@HillaryClinton-
https://t.co/Rf48XkZWbu #Debate… terrorists.” Islamic “radical mention even won’t but immigrants Syrian more 550% for called has Hillary
https://t.co/WnofYy60fc #DrainTheSwamp AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth WE - @POTUS Hey
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate quote! a That’s borders.” “open for called that speech a for bank Brazilian a by $225000 paid Hillary Moderator:
https://t.co/OP4c7Jc8Ad #BigLeagueTruth IMMIGRATION#Debate ON CLINTON &amp; TRUMP
#Debate history. US in deal worst NAFTA supported credibility.She no ideas no solutions security-no border on lead to weak too is Hillary
https://t.co/7Ha00c77Gb is… He cities. sanctuary to END an and amnesty no borders stronger w/ America SAFE a wants .@RealDonaldTrump
https://t.co/TlJo8dtVjZ people. our RESPECT and VALUES our share who those country this into admit only should We Simple: &amp; Plain
#MAGA #Debate border. the secure then and lords drug the deport to be will President as acts first my of One
https://t.co/ZpV33TfbR6 put… will I illegals. of thousands for amnesty provide to dollars tax American use will Clinton Hillary
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate me. endorsed ICE why That’s country. no have we border no have we If country. this into pouring are Drugs
https://t.co/QbOaf8Dlhs #2A#Debates #SecondAmendment
https://t.co/nOqbDBMQFM #Debates2016 #BigLeagueTruth PRO-FAMILY PRO-LIFE is .@realDonaldTrump
https://t.co/RHryqijTlu #BigLeagueTruth #Debates #DrainTheSwamp justices. right the have we that imperative so is It
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate presidency. Hillary a survive not will 2A rights. gun restrict to plans she ways of litany lists .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/mNTio22WK8 #DrainTheSwamp #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Constitution the DEFEND and PROTECT will .@realDonaldTrump
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate Constitution. US the uphold will who judges SCOTUS need We siege. under is Amendment 2nd The
https://t.co/fKJBNXvluh #DrainTheSwamp #debate history in Court Supreme liberal most the create to wants Clinton Hillary
#MAGA #Debate Again. Great America Make to Ready lead. to Ready
https://t.co/BT4VgYTkBr #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #November8th BACK! country our take to going are WE MOVEMENT- incredible an is This
https://t.co/GS9YQYzF6x the… stop TRUTH the spread us Help #Debate #BigLeagueTruth out word the get and https://t.co/Q08Kp4w3oT at in Tune
#debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain tonight's for deplorables of team my to account Twitter my over handing be will I
https://t.co/qQdsMHAtkT times: 342 House White visited who felon a is video voter-fraud in caught contractor campaign UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton
#Obamacare'https://t.co/18McSKO2AY to Due Carolina North Battleground in Insurance Health Lose to 250000 'Over
https://t.co/ncJXn6fURF 8:30pmE!https://t.co/ZqJmf4yB87 at tonight team my Join
https://t.co/GQizTdCdFC GOVERNMENT!… FOREIGN a of behalf on lobbying officials branch executive senior against ban lifetime a issue will I
https://t.co/PBPrrEnfSK #DrainTheSwamp LOOPHOLES! the all close we so - LOBBYIST of definition the expand to going am I
https://t.co/aDZEfcI7SM replaced!… and repealed be must It disaster. complete a - Pennsylvania in 33% increasing premiums Obamacare
Technician'https://t.co/VvO4lTKsaj Server Email Her With Emails Deleted Clinton 'Hillary
https://t.co/Zd1KjzlCtJ https://t.co/TWRFY1ryY8 Tickets: #DrainTheSwamp 12:30pm! at tomorrow Ohio Delaware in me Join
https://t.co/ER5FtjZgjw #DrainTheSwamp Leader' Rights Civil Pro-Sanders on Attacks Plotted Mocked Adviser Hillary 'Top
https://t.co/MO4SJaQMzo #DrainTheSwamp Times' 342 House White Visited Agitators Rally Trump Oversaw Who Operative 'Dem
https://t.co/zXvUnJTKhF #DrainTheSwamp Clinton' for illegally and hard works 'State
https://t.co/xxTTZeMYAc State'#DrainTheSwamp at gatekeeper Clinton's surround 'Scandals
https://t.co/UtbqlGrYJh #DrainTheSwamp government' 'shadow Department's State The
https://t.co/f8Z7olUvlM https://t.co/KYirBbYjp2 Clinton: Team From Emails Anti-Catholic More
#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/U2XeM2vDJK to time is It
https://t.co/Qk1fOm1t8L Gender: And Race By VPs Potential Organized Campaign Clinton Show Emails – Groups’ ‘Food
https://t.co/wqqPjxfBoJ #DrainTheSwamp
https://t.co/rVcjXdWxzp SAFE… AMERICA MAKE will we Together 11/8/2016. on #TrumpPence16 VOTE and D.C. Washington in #DrainTheSwamp to Time
https://t.co/xA3YO8YzCq #DrainTheSwamp States. United the of presidency the for run ever to person corrupt most the is Hillary
https://t.co/5j8WuKLL5o #DrainTheSwamp Server' Email on Info Classified From Damage Limit to Tried Campaign 'Clinton
payroll'https://t.co/75oLLuD4SI Clinton's on once was disrupter rally 'Trump
https://t.co/N74UK73RLK count… our of out Terrorists Islamic Radical keep to going am I President elected I’m If Springs. Colorado you Thank
https://t.co/CbpgL6wynY at… forms the Get forms. reg voter in mail to DAY LAST the It's WV! &amp; OR NJ MN MD ME KS FL
https://t.co/Ox9hH13Q9I system! #RIGGED the down take to 8th Nov. Vote D.C! Washington in #DrainTheSwamp to time is It
https://t.co/o2qvr1myIZ Attacks: With Deal And Donation Lobbyist Foreign Take to Her Urged Aides Hillary’s
https://t.co/gF8ErCzTC1 https://t.co/ZnPgnu8vCS vote! to register to day last your is today that reminder quick A Nevada:
https://t.co/VpYiO8CnXQ #DrainTheSwamp independence. its lost America year the as 2017 remember will history govt the run Crooked let we If
https://t.co/FNzMit7mD8 #DrainTheSwamp. will I CROOKED. So bribery? now And Cover-ups. Collusion. Pay-to-play.
https://t.co/m1lMAQPnIb DC. in #DrainTheSwamp to have to going I'm first But me. believe -- Again Honest Government Our Make will I
https://t.co/UIKwWNmwR7 PEO… the serve should government believes who country this in person every for fight to going I’m WI. in night Great
D.C.https://t.co/lKzas1SqUA Washington For Plan Reform Ethics Trump J. Donald
Investigation:https://t.co/6n63fHVvNo Email Clinton Of Way’ The In ‘Stood Comey Say Agents FBI EXCLUSIVE:
https://t.co/uKh5sCFfrv guide: play to pay Clinton's Hillary Crooked quick! rich Get
https://t.co/rVh4ocgx3r election: media-rigged a of evidence more Yet
Enjoy! well. very do will she doubt no have I @CNN. on Cooper Anderson by 8:00pm at tonight interviewed be will Melania wife My
rates! lower much and choices many Americans give and #Obamacare repeal to bill first the sign will I
https://t.co/JUBRu4mqCE https://t.co/wVJZTjY8bA Team: Leadership and Strategy Ad TV Statewide Announces Office Virginia Trump
https://t.co/ktFk8RuaUK Tickets: #MAGA 1:00pm! at tomorrow Colorado Springs Colorado in me Join
https://t.co/kuinRTImVJ d… country Our #RiggedSystem! a It's her. protect to up covering is media and DOJ and w/FBI colluded Hillary Crooked
caught got and lies and stories made-up with center and front women putting by public the deceived has media the because good are polls New
https://t.co/NsWbJN01Uu cash"https://t.co/qZPPX0LO4X campaign with Clinton Hillary shower "Journalists
https://t.co/XkmcKeyRPJ scandal" email Clinton in quo' pro 'quid offering of accused official Department "State
https://t.co/oEoFIA8Rym Islami… radical extreme this against down back never must We Iraq. in ISIS fighting forces the with are thoughts Our
44. - 48 Ohio Leading job. hit media total after especially numbers Great @CNN from out came just polls new Wow
emailshttps://t.co/A3mCNBLCsO classified up cover to quo' pro 'quid offered Dept. State confirms FBI CONFIRMED: CORRUPTION
questions? the got I if imagine you Can word. a says nobody and debate a to questions the got even Clinton Hillary Crooked fraud! Voter
https://t.co/D7kpxlQPwU Unbelievable.
documents"https://t.co/GYYaneeysA FBI emails: Clinton unclassify to FBI pressured Kennedy Department's "State ??BREAKING??:
https://t.co/FgGxDsS0a1 RIGGED! charged? gets one no but info classified mishandled Crooked knew campaign Clinton the even proves WikiLeaks
worse!). (or Obama of years more four have can't We election. this win and together come to got all have We
naive! So on? going is what deny leaders Republican do Why day. election before and on happening fraud voter scale large is there course Of
impact! have press by time big pushed and false) proven already (many women by up made 100% stories phoney totally these believe Can't
@NCGOP all! you of Proud win. to have we Now forget. never will way the all you With CAROLINA. NORTH COUNTY ORANGE IN SAFE ALL
@NCGOP winning are we because County Orange in office our firebombed just Carolina North in Dems and Clinton Hillary representing Animals
zilch! does Ryan Paul &amp; - person dishonest a probe.Such e-mail Hillary Crooked in quo" pro "quid shows Wikileakes by released interview Wow
47-43! at close is election the and VOTERS WOMEN with points 11 down is Clinton Hillary Poll Post News/Washington ABC new the in Finally
etc. vets military budget the on focusing start must ago) years four run failed (including win to how know doesn't who man a Ryan Paul
nominee! Republican the fighting always Ryan Paul have We Clinton. Hillary crooked pushing machine political corrupt a have Democrats The
https://t.co/972GWZDGEp 1pm… Springs- 6pmhttps://t.co/9L917nvCBXColorado Bay- Tuesday!Green on Colorado or tomorrow Wisconsin in me Join
https://t.co/AFtDs7HVlt guilty. was Crooked thought officials FBI senior even -- prosecuted..." be should she felt majority vast “The
SAD - places polling many at also but - Hillary Crooked pushing media distorted and dishonest the by rigged being absolutely is election The
https://t.co/xF0wv8Oa8q Obama! answer. the found have may Wikileaks scheme. email her for prosecution avoided Hillary how wondered all We've
https://t.co/EvBCQoZRG2 security? national with people these trust would Who over. blow just might scandal email her thought staff Hillary's
https://t.co/00s5tgsXrM CORRUPT! SO birthday? his for million $1 Bill Wild gave also ISIS funded has says Hillary Crooked that country A
https://t.co/eWjHoq20Dw Unbelievable! bad. as just is cover-up the like looks it but crime the for hook the off Gang the &amp; Crooked let They
news! into happened never that stories putting by campaign Clinton the with effort coordinated a in media the by rigged being is Election
election! rigging Media HAPPENED. NEVER THAT events up made on based voters women of numbers large lost I believe you can but close Polls
election! rigging Media stinks. portrayal Baldwin Alec show. unfunny and boring the retire to me.Time on job hit Live Night Saturday Watched
https://t.co/StfzCeaQgH Amy. sharing for you Thank
#MAGA energy! and crowds Fantastic Maine. and Hampshire New in day great A
https://t.co/sUSh8v07MW A… GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we together and 11/8/16- on #VoteTrumpPence16 &amp; out Get Maine! Bangor you Thank
way! the along sources up making write to want they whatever write just they anymore us call even don't reporters @nytimes failing The
me! than women for respect more has Nobody election. the steal to nonsense up made Totally women. these of any with happened ever Nothing
https://t.co/4otZyjYLc2 lifetime… our of election biggest the is This YOU! THANK supporters. 7K w/ Hampshire New Portsmouth in MOVEMENT The
country. the over all and there problem drug massive the about talk to soon Hampshire New in Landing
https://t.co/P7FrFhicvw weapon. beautiful a is truth The
https://t.co/dyNxc1HDTW b… the on&amp;delivers goes He crowd. massive a of front Carolina-in North in teleprompter broken the removing Trump Mr.
election rigged a like looks what in president for running is she Instead jail. in be should and prosecuted been have should Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/5TN2wvnR7J https://t.co/NY7E1FBOB7 #MAGATickets: me! join 3pm- at today Maine Bangor in be Will
Hillary! Crooked elect to order in lies outright and charges unsubstantiated and false pushing media the by rigged being is election This
FIX! Voter. American the of minds the poison may Campaign Clinton the and media the by strongly pushed charges made-up and fabricated 100%
https://t.co/R4oxaHpsAB @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you Thank
https://t.co/A7Ql7KuMfT all… is this 8th...because November on victory AMAZING an have to going are We Carolina! North Charlotte you Thank
https://t.co/MgV5urLhB0 info:… All FAILURE! of years more afford can't We #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Let's vote! to registered you're sure Make
https://t.co/jjde4W1hz2 #MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW Charlotte! - stop Next Carolina. North Greensboro support your for you Thank
https://t.co/oRUlaT4zbn BIGOTRY: ANTI-CATHOLIC CAMPAIGN’S CLINTON THE ABOUT SAYING ARE THEY WHAT
https://t.co/v23jCl4tEQ AMERICA… MAKE WILL WE Together war. &amp; peace of times in both country our protecting for Navy U.S. our to you Thank
#MAGAhttps://t.co/MzqgNNVfZb Ohio!#TrumpRally Cincinnati in live me Join
https://t.co/dRra2AqayJ #TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/vpLryxCyoq 2:00pm! at tomorrow Carolina North Greensboro in me Join
disaster! years- for this saying been I've affordable. longer no is (Obamacare) Act Care Affordable the that announced just MN. of Gov. Dem
https://t.co/a84WMHpSYy c… reclaim People The We not or whether determine will that civilization our of history the in crossroads a is "This
41% Clinton 42% POLLTrump NBC/WSJ/MARIST you!OHIO thank out- poll Ohio new Great now. Cincinnati for off taking Columbus- in event Great
soon. there be Will more. two for Ohio to heading now - Florida in rally great a left Just
in! Tune noon. at Florida Beach Palm West in speech major a making am I
https://t.co/fG313wjlKm #AmericaFirst #MAGA you! Thank
https://t.co/DYHPQYBwpK 3pm… @ Saturday - Maine https://t.co/XlHGD1VrMoBangor 7:30pm: @ tonight Ohio- Maine!Cincinnati &amp; Ohio in me Join
WATCH! women. on story discredited last as people same by Written FABRICATION. TOTAL a is @nytimes failing the in story phony The
happen! not did it Because story. her in "incident" the mention Magazine People in article old year twelve the of writer the didn't Why
https://t.co/Bp5iHKbT2d Tickets:… #VoteTrumpPence16 #OhioVotesEarly me! join 7:30pm- at night tomorrow Ohio Cincinnati in be will I
https://t.co/PygIlshrgv &amp;… https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ @ ASAP REGISTER 10/18. to extended registration Voter Florida. Lakeland in MOVEMENT The
restored. are freedoms until Cuba towards concessions and Orders Executive Obama's reverse Will long. too struggled have Cuba of people The
https://t.co/wjsl8ITVvk #CrookedHillary POLITICS. PLAY TO PAY
system! Rigged dishonest! So WikiLeaks. by provided information incredible of media dishonest the by pick-up little Very
them? do she didn't why - years 30 for there been has she but do will she things the about talk to likes Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/t9XM9wFDZI &amp;… out get Lets again. seen be never will and before seen been never has that MOVEMENT a Florida- you Thank
7:30pm:https://t.co/5w2UhalPIx this OH noon:https://t.co/jwbZnQhxg9Cincinnati at FL Beach Palm Ohio!West &amp; Florida in Thursday me Join
FRAUD! CNN &amp; Hillary Sanders. Bernie against debates big of advance in Clinton Hillary Crooked to given were questions Hall Town @CNN Wow
https://t.co/gxbDRD4x2k ou… get &amp; https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp to: Go day. last your is today VOTE- to registered haven't you If Texas! you Thank
https://t.co/LlFdF0DRX4 to… out get and https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp at: now register can You TODAY. DEADLINES REGISTRATION VOTER
https://t.co/3QSoADFh7S AGAIN. US FOOL HER LET DON'T
https://t.co/opP2l8ln0J Unbelievable! Earthquake. Haiti the after Bill" of "Friends to attention special gave Dept State Crooked's
run. to unfit is She WikiLeaks. by exposed as Clinton Hillary of behavior disgraceful the at looking are people hope I
Florida! in rally BIG for soon leaving now Texas In
remarks! room locker over me dropped then won) he gave (I primary his during support my for begged McCain John Sen. mouthed foul very The
https://t.co/wAtnFpN6wL SC.Register: KY AR TN LA IN NM TX GA MI PA OH FL TODAY: deadlines registration voter have states 13
https://t.co/RcBPCcmwnD Unbelievable. Wow.
them! teach will I - win to how know don’t They sides. all from you at come They Hillary. Crooked than difficult more far are R's Disloyal
Republicans! the than other each to loyal more far be to proven always have Dems the nom the of out Bernie cheating of exception the With
to. want I way the America for fight now can I and me off taken been have shackles the that nice so is It
disloyalty. his at wild went members his where call conference bad a had Ryan Paul leader ineffective and weak very Our
support! zero give others and Ryan Paul when well do to hard is it poll) (every landslide a in debate second the winning Despite
https://t.co/x0197JL5RU together… 11/8/16- on #VoteTrumpPence16 before! seen never have we like MOVEMENT a is This Pennsylvania. you Thank
https://t.co/WiwC61PIFu Terrible! America? really this Is
dishonest! totally and pathetic Really better. look Hillary Crooked make to order in group" "focus their fixing caught got @CNN Wow
https://t.co/4peQ3Sswdz #AmericaFirst you!#MAGA thank - great look polls Debate
https://t.co/oFRfNY2rUY biased. are they knows everyone because ratings bad have they fortunately - worst the is CNN
nominee Republican fighting on time his waste not and immigration illegal and jobs budget the balancing on time more spend should Ryan Paul
exciting! Very night. last debate the on comments great the of all for you Thank
https://t.co/wBmVxf1a9D https://t.co/2llBltf0mE Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Louis St. you Thank
https://t.co/OchcnuSAgR … taxes!#Debates government!?Lower ?Lean regulations! excessive Plan:?Eliminate Econ PRO-GROWTH MY
#bigleaguetruth #debate far. by history in United Citizens of beneficiary biggest single the is @HillaryClinton Hypocrite:
#debate #BigLeagueTruth 1929. since growth slowest the has country Our
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth #Deplorables Americans?” of millions of tens off written you’ve if country a unite you can “How @AC360:
#Debate Obama! Barack of years more four take cannot country This
Obama -President PAGE" THE TURN TO TIME IT'S NOTHING. CHANGE &amp; ANYTHING SAY Clinton) (Hillary @POTUS-"SHE'LL agree We
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate done. get will nothing and talk all be she’ll president is @HillaryClinton If
https://t.co/4yZjH3TR5B ’13. Feb til State of Secy HRC ’12. Aug in drawn line Fact: there." wasn’t "I HRC Syria: in line” “red on ?? FACT
#BigLeagueTruth #Debate equally honored and equally protected equally treated be will American EVERY administration my In
https://t.co/f6BxYyRJID #Debates2016 continue! evil this let cannot We
https://t.co/370piI2JLp ? ransom of definition the is This
https://t.co/Y2Dx7xyBBs strongest. is America when prosperous most and peaceful most is world The
https://t.co/iouuqXYAdq #RattledHillary Department.#Debates2016 State the at "accomplishments" Clinton's Hillary are Here
https://t.co/A5JDkz1eCE Hone… is nickname his one For Lincoln. Abraham and Clinton Hillary between difference big a There’s lesson: History
taxes!https://t.co/ZwIkqNH2FX your lowering I'm and taxes your raising She's class. middle the for LEAGUE BIG taxes cut to going We're
https://t.co/oI2qi2HAdO #Debates2016 POSITION"@HillaryClinton PRIVATE A AND PUBLIC A BOTH NEED "YOU
#Debate banks. Street Wall with discussions in stance” private a and “public a needs she claims @HillaryClinton Hypocrite!
https://t.co/pHEjp8bZVP com… me interrupted moderators the times of # the consider they counters” “interruption its runs MSM the when hope I
https://t.co/ueq7cbOg9Y #Debates2016 VETTING! EXTREME CALLED ITS - .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/FUQzXlyPwY #MAGA FIGHT."@Mike_Pence NARRATIVE A IN NOT ARE "WE #ICYMI- .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/dalk9JKcFg #Debates2016 #BigLeagueTruth ?? world! the over all FAILED has #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/4arYZcGgYZ law!#Debates2016 the above NOT is .@HillaryClinton
#Debate clear. pretty is “disaster” Actually “disaster.” a Obamacare calling when meant he what “clarified” Bill : .@HillaryClinton
#MAGA #debate system. affordable comprehensive competitive more much a with it replace and Obamacare repeal must We
https://t.co/vhOLtHrR66 #Debates2016 #ObamaCare. sell to lie same the told Clinton and Obama
#Debates #BigLeagueTruth IMMUNITY?! FBI need staffers your of five did Why - @HillaryClinton ATTN:
#debate emails. wedding of lot a That’s wedding. daughter’s her about emails deleted 33000 Hillary’s
#CrookedHillary true. been has server secret her about said has Hillary nothing Basically
lies. your like anything been never there's bc situation your into look to prosecutor special a get to AG my instruct to going am win-I I If
#BigLeagueTruthhttps://t.co/oY2YSPz7nB Women Empowering Of History Trump's J. Donald
worse far were actions Clintons’ unfortunate-the were words Clinton.My Bill than politics in women to abusive more anyone been never There’s
#BigLeagueTruth #debate leaders. serious need We problems. serious has world this But talk. room locker my of proud not I’m
#BigLeagueTruth #debate Again.” Great America “Make simple. this It’s
#debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain tonight's for account Twitter my over taking be will deplorables of team My
https://t.co/gAbNvI8Fd7 preparations. #debate final my conclude I as #FacebookLive on me Join
citizens....continued:https://t.co/d2Upx5FitC Israeli facing perils grievous the of world the reminds today attack terror Palestinian The
https://t.co/DMfLsIbtU1 Hillary ‘Enabler’ of ‘Terrified’ Crimes’ Are ‘These Defenders: Bill's to Jones Willey Video–Broaddrick Exclusive
Hillary:https://t.co/n05rul4Ycw Over Lead Point 2 Retains Trump Donald Poll: Sunday Dornsife USC Times- LA
down! go - elections and - numbers poll their Watch hypocrites. self-righteous many So
Rapes:https://t.co/9j7f8VK9Md Brutal Relives Broaddrick Juanita Accuser Clinton Bill Interview: Video — EXCLUSIVE
you. Thank "leadership"). Republican some for (except support Tremendous
unreal! was enthusiasm and crowd the that heard I Wisconsin. in supporters great my to you Thank
#MAGA DOWN! SUPPORTERS MY LET NEVER WILL RACE THE OF OUT DROP NEVER WILL I - badly so race the of out me want establishment and media The
hours! 24 interesting an been has Certainly
https://t.co/WAZiGoQqMQ statement. my is Here
https://t.co/JqjyTiKicD listen… and neighbors for out Look Matthew. Hurricane of path the in people of millions the with prayers &amp; Thoughts
https://t.co/BnAveA5OuP Poll: Rasmussen National New
https://t.co/OoDFmerQ5B #MAGA Tennessee! you Thank
https://t.co/12zAk8VmgK 11/8/16! on #TrumpPence16 VOTE
https://t.co/3lU2vrUE3t Americans' All for President A Trump: 'Donald
today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ZzFHlsWnh4 up Sign Observer. Election Trump a be to Volunteer
careful. be please event any in but dissipates hurricane the Hoping Florida. in everyone for Praying
https://t.co/2CikEXb0G7 S… and BETTER and BIGGER – back is America that world whole the show to going are We you! thank poll- Virginia New
https://t.co/TeIeCttUpP https://t.co/TujWDWcgd3Wilkes-Barre:… me!Ambridge: join Mon- on there rallies Two released. just poll Pennsylvania
Endorsement:https://t.co/eO1UY5N9J1 Presidential First-Ever Make (ICE) Officers Enforcement Customs And Immigration Nation's
https://t.co/vt4AmLdkeP honor! great a Such
https://t.co/6gPJhb29xk put… will we Together #TrumpPence16. VOTE &amp; 11/8 on out get you sure Make you. thank Nevada- Reno in rally Amazing
https://t.co/UMY6kOiSTu you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain thank out- just polling Reuters
https://t.co/os7EmRCdPf #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… 11/8/16. on VOTE and out get to has Everyone Carolina! South you Thank
VOTE! &amp; details for officials w/local check — IN AZ ME OH week: next the in up coming states more underway already IA &amp; MN VOTING: EARLY
president'https://t.co/tzVN9QgPFS for pick their is Trump says business 'Small
yesterday! Arizona in be to Great media. dishonest the and PTSD of issue important the on remarks kind your for @SenJohnMcCain you Thank
truth. the telling for Bill Thanks sense'. make 'doesn't and work' 'doesn't 'crazy' is Obamacare right: is Clinton Bill
https://t.co/dNF8G4VUqY page:… Facebook my via rally the of some Watch before! seen never like MOVEMENT a is This NV. Henderson you Thank
https://t.co/uvbntNsxGl MOVEMENT:… the Join you! thank out- just poll Reuters New Nevada. Henderson in here rally a begin to About
https://t.co/xzJhrLgjHP @ICLV! you thank morning- Beautiful
big! won Pence Mike allowed. been have not should Kaine Tim by night last interruptions constant The
Mike! of proud be all should We big. won Pence Mike
#BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu#VPDebate Department: State The At Interest Of Conflict In Mired Were Aides Top Clinton’s
#VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy Risk: At Security National Put Server Secret A Of Use Careless .@HillaryClinton’s
#VPDebate KOREA:https://t.co/8pRednmnFX NORTH ON WEAK IS CLINTON
#VPDebate SCRUTINY:https://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt DESERVE PUTIN TO TIES CLOSE CLINTON’S
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth Terrorists:https://t.co/lM80JriF9k to Go Likely Deal Nuclear Iran Clinton-Obama From Relief Sanctions
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH defense: for wrong is .@timkaine
https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0 FAILED. THAT STATE A RAN KAINE WORKED; THAT STATE A RAN I PENCE: ICYMI:
https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1 #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate SENATOR. ANTI-DEFENSE the is .@timkaine
#VPDebate FAILURE:https://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ A JUDGED WAS POLICY SYRIA FLAILING CLINTON’S
#VPDebate #ISIS.https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV defeat will I and .@mike_pence
#VPDebate DEBATE:https://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM THE “DOMINATING” PENCE MIKE ABOUT SAYING ARE THEY WHAT
us..."@Mike_Pence of best the are officers "Police #VPDebate officers! enforcement law our of all to you thank - Mike agree I
#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate Americans.https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu Average Of Millions At Sneers .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/wFQM8kg287 113826.… by Indiana in unemployment DECREASED @mike_pence while 179249 by INCREASE unemployment oversaw .@timkaine
contest! no far so - job great a doing is .@mike_pence
time. next luck Better audience. the in is Kellyanne you inform to Sorry Nevada. in am I .@megynkelly-
begin! we Now good! looking are Both
Enjoy! - go we Here
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE exciting! Very Debate. V.P. the live-tweeting be will I
great do will Mike shake! fair a get we where @FoxNews to turning I'm dumb. very and biased joke a is panel Their negative. so is @CNN Wow
REPLACE! AND REPEAL saying been have I As happy. not Hillary is. ObamaCare bad how on statement Clinton's Bill hear just you did Wow
https://t.co/BS5JLelPJd MOVEMENT!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm the Join
https://t.co/EwP4hnaeoE SAFE… AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together before. seen ever has nobody like MOVEMENT a is This ARIZONA! you Thank
https://t.co/X3Yn3FZphf means… #AmericaFirst freedom. more money more - families working for difference a makes plan childcare My
Enjoy! est! 8:30pm at starting tonight debate VP the tweeting live and @Mike_Pence Governor great the watching be will I
https://t.co/DJ7JJUkkz7 #MAGATickets: #AmericaFirst 3:30pm! at tomorrow Nevada Reno in me Join
https://t.co/G0NvFLQWgS #MAGATickets:… Center! Convention Reno-Sparks the at 3:30pm at Wednesday on Nevada Reno in me Join
https://t.co/wIGNtKPA2X #MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMmhttps://t.co/M7QhdCgRzw Colorado! you Thank
https://t.co/0iAeiPYEhO #BigLeagueTruth… back. country our take to want who Americans hard-working to directly truth the bring must We
https://t.co/rFAf7xYNhy #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMm #TrumpRally Colorado! Pueblo you Thank
https://t.co/pWTYv9BbUE Tickets: #MAGA 11:30am! at Wednesday on Nevada Henderson in me Join
harder! much mission Makes this? announce to have they do Why Mosul. reclaim to battle for preparing is (U.S.) Iraq that announced Just
world. the around and Israel in States United the in here Hashanah Rosh observing those to greetings warmest our extend I and Melania
supporters. his and him attacked then and him decieved she after Hillary Crooked of endorsement his pull should Bernie
DOJ! and FBI the at jobs created only has Hillary prosperity. American great back bring will and jobs of thousands of tens created have I
#failing@nytimes them. fix can who one only the am and president for run ever has who anyone than better laws tax complex our know I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We tonight. rally big a for Pennsylvania to Heading
Hillary. Crooked up builds only that product bad watch to want don't People ratings. @CNN bad really the saw just Wow
it? fix they didn't why So bad. very was level sound &amp; audio DJT the that us to admitted Debates Presidential on Commission so-called The
microphone. bad really the despite This followed. that "spin" one-sided totally the watching without decide you if debate the won I
https://t.co/WN1lyCDXla you. with not is HRC Politicians and St Wall by Owned doors. closed behind supporters Sanders to nasty is H Crooked
https://t.co/RCnZZtTk4c working-clas… modern of needs the reflects plan childcare My FIRST! FAMILY means that and #AmericaFirst in believe I
https://t.co/n7Gd6Xc18H AGAIN!… GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL WE Together 11/8. on #TrumpPence16 VOTE and out Get Michigan! Novi you Thank
https://t.co/SYuRpzosb5 #TrumpTrain soon. you See now! way my on - support your for you Thank
#TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/3P3QZxzSPJ 3pm! at afternoon Monday on Colorado Pueblo in me Join
call! the answer to awake there be will I know you least at morning the in o'clock three at tweeting for me knocking people few those For
https://t.co/yKz9vCz8O1 of… millions calling or ISIS spread that policies scandal email the it's Maybe ahead? points 50 Hillary isn't Why
it! get people The readers! lose will Today USA now &amp; papers Arizona &amp; Dallas the to subscriptions cancelling in smart really are people The
exist. don't sources the sources the name don't they If media. dishonest VERY the by said" "sources believe don't Remember
debate? the in her use could she so citizen U.S. a become M Alicia past) and tape sex out (check disgusting help Hillary Crooked Did
con. a by up set was Hillary JUDGEMENT! BAD from suffers Hillary Crooked that shows just virtue of paragon a as debate the in M Alicia Using
terrible! is which past her checking without "angel" an as her floated Hillary U. Miss worst my by used and duped was Hillary Crooked Wow
lies! up made just are they sources no are There it. believe NOT DO said" "sources saying campaign my or me about story a see you Anytime
more? any expect could who @donlemon like people With ratings. the in doing is Network) News (Clinton @CNN badly how see you did Wow
https://t.co/8mVInc82E9 #FollowTheMoney… phrase: simple the Remember you! for fighting am I system rigged the off profits Hillary While
https://t.co/VtUkDgF4vs transcript:… #FollowTheMoneySpeech soon. back be Will Hampshire! New afternoon this me joining for you Thank
https://t.co/LNWQZ9yUJy https://t.co/ADOGW34ctF #TrumpRallyTickets: 7pm! at Saturday on Pennsylvania Manheim in me Join
responders. first amazing the of all to gratitude deepest my and NJ in accident horrible today's in involved those to condolences My
https://t.co/6WAyO9eQHN https://t.co/Q6APf0ZFYA… at: available Tickets MOVEMENT! the Join 5:00pm. at Friday this Michigan Novi in be Will
https://t.co/oeOJFAS7it #MAGA… #AmericaFirst everyone! see to wait Can't 3:00pm. at tomorrow Hampshire- New Bedford in me Join
https://t.co/WdKK6nJCZW #FollowTheMoney:https://t.co/Xb1yyDSNNf speech my of transcript Full Wisconsin! Waukesha you Thank
Enjoy! live! now - Wisconsin Waukesha from @oreillyfactor Joining
#MAGAhttps://t.co/G8kGLSFy6S #AmericaFirst rally! 8pmE an for Wisconsin Waukesha in live me Join
https://t.co/45kIHxdX83 just… -- Hillary about know to need you everything Remember- soon. back be Will Iowa! Bluffs Council you Thank
https://t.co/lBFHoWRqox Video:… #ImWithYou morning! this Chicago in Congress American Polish the with meet to honor An
Peres...https://t.co/xeGYL2IzUP Shimon of family the to condolences deepest our extend I and Melania
https://t.co/iRL3xh37gF Tickets: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3pm! at today Iowa- Bluffs Council in me Join
reporting! so for Friends &amp; Fox to you Thank debate. the winning me has etc. Drudge Magazine Time poll on-line Every
https://t.co/8ZHGyOth0f record: the Shatter again! be can we what KNOW who people hard-working from million $18 best! the are supporters My
https://t.co/VU5wh2zXBU Tha… in. get not could who 12000 additional an and supporters- 15000 w/ Florida Melbourne in evening Unbelievable
https://t.co/dfzsbICiXc Tickets:… Iowa! Bluffs Council in Center Mid-America the at tomorrow - rally 3pm a for me Join
https://t.co/uYwJrtZkAe https://t.co/lWjYDbPHav today! MOVEMENT the Join people. the for and by of government a have will we again Once
https://t.co/zhkEfUouHH Disclosure: Foundation About Claims False Make To Continues Campaign Clinton's Hillary
#MAGAhttps://t.co/PGimqYKPoJ @WashTimes. via debate' presidential first the won Trump Donald say polls online magazine Time 'CNBC
https://t.co/vxWZ2tyJTF #ImWithYou support! your for you Thank leaders. community Hispanic with Havana Little in afternoon Great
#MAGA America! you Thank going! still we’re and Day Call National and donations online from $13M over raised have we hrs. 24 last the In
Nice! debate. big the night last but Forum Presidential NBC the won only not I that saying they're now Well
https://t.co/8BEeQPsuyd #MAGA @GovernorSununu. endorsement your for you Thank
https://t.co/DV1BKMwHEM #ImWithYou… #MAGA wins!#AmericaFirst MOVEMENT the and - in are polls debate Final honor. great a Such
https://t.co/CIJMQJhLqp @WSJ: via 2015' in 10.8% Increased Murders 'U.S.
https://t.co/a5rr1i38km #MAGA #TrumpWon you! Thank
change. never will it - done job the getting not in years 30 for failing been Hillary's
https://t.co/NHO1OicfVm touch' of out is Clinton Hillary shows Trump Donald billionaire blue-collar 'True
you! thank - #TrumpWon is now right Twitter on trend #1 The
poll. @CNN watched little the for except - Debate Presidential nights last from poll every won I
Democrats'https://t.co/WWO39kxn8Y and undecideds of full bar a over won Trump 'How
years? 30 last her in them done she hasn't things.Why many so do to going is she says Hillary night.Crooked last debate the enjoyed really I
Enjoy! discuss. to 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I - numbers poll debate Great
https://t.co/39FCnUf8Pb AGAIN… GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we Together winning. MOVEMENT the with polls #DebateNight new Four you! Thank
https://t.co/B12lgC97tn #MAGA!… lets &amp; today MOVEMENT the 20%Join 80%Clinton: Poll:Trump: Debate Presidential First .@DRUDGE_REPORT's
https://t.co/MJ3NwA98op #ImWithYou… 39%#AmericaFirst 61%Clinton Trump votes. 400000 over with poll #DebateNight CNBC you! Thank
https://t.co/bTPX9E0wKu #MAGA #AmericaFirst you! Thank votes. 800000 over - poll #DebateNight TIME
NICE! Trump." for victory historic "a said just .@newtgingrich
you! Thank watch). don't I which - @CNN for (except polls debate the in great did Wow
https://t.co/yIeZctdQy8 #Debates2016 #AmericaFirst @TerryBranstad! Governor you Thank
https://t.co/6k7qP9X8nC #AmericaFirst… people. American the with AGAIN GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE @Mike_Pence!Lets Governor you Thank
https://t.co/cgO6109USJ #MAGA @TedCruz!#Debates2016 Senator you Thank
#DebateNighthttps://t.co/qfZTx6aKYs Payment Ransom Million $400 The For Way The Paved Agreement Nuclear .@HillaryClinton’s
#debatenight #Debates2016 #Benghazi. on nothing And Foundation. Clinton corrupt the on Nothing emails. on Nothing
https://t.co/f7PctDE31L #DebateNight Threat Global A Become To Expand To It Allowed Has Strategy #ISIS Obama - .@HillaryClinton
@HillaryClinton. Thanks theirs. keep to deal sweetheart a got Iran and nukes testing is Korea N ever than warheads more has Russia
https://t.co/OoakXs2rij RESET?BENGHAZI… PIVOT?RUSSIAN ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA world. the over all failed Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/Um5WJXEEKr #MAGA #Debates2016 War. Iraq the for voted who stage on candidate only the is Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/6EEOAaCiNv #DebateNight Heritage Obama's About Rumors In Trafficked Supporters And Campaign 2008 .@HillaryClinton's
https://t.co/CX4oEWgEMp #MAGA #Debates2016 Americans! ALL protect and police with stand will I
#Debates2016 action. no talk all - politician typical a is she @HillaryClinton: about fact simple the is This
https://t.co/x3FBy8Hdq2 HABIT! TAX BAD HILLARY'S
https://t.co/oFlaAhrwe5 #DebateNight spending! more and taxes more = economy Clinton A
#Debates2016 her? from advice policy take we would Why years? 30 for system DC rigged the of part been has .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/02NMQn3ZNQ creati… job and innovation for magnet great world's the become will AMERICA away wealth and jobs driving of Instead
#Debates2016 #TPP them. against was she before deals trade bad for was she trade: on Kerry John channels .@HillaryClinton
years 8 last the over $9trillion by debt increased policies Obama and .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/iux7icIkaT ahead?#DebateNight points 50 Clinton Hillary isn't Why
#TrumpPence16 in!#DebateNight Tune debate. evenings this for account Twitter my managing be will deplorables of team My
https://t.co/xDGCwYVK0Q #TrumpTrain… https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. MOVEMENT: the Join you! thank - released just poll Bloomberg national New
missed. truly be will He champion! true a - him like no-one was There died. has "King" the Palmer Arnold great The news: sad Really
riots! N.C. overdoses. drug from Ohio in weekend this died people Many immigrant. Eastern Middle a by State Washington in killed people Five
https://t.co/6KDPrQxSED Netanyahu:https://t.co/VHuyE65hgi Benjamin Minister Prime Israeli with meeting my of Readout
A.M. 10:00 at Tower Trump in Netanyahu Benjamin with meeting my to forward Looking
bigger! gotten only has issue That e-mails. the on up gave he when nomination Dem the Hillary gave Sanders Bernie
lot! a trade on Trump like they and - campaign Clinton Hillary the by badly treated been have Sanders Bernie of staff and team the on Many
https://t.co/Rz3DkpBQJu https://t.co/NQEgRxQN2m#AmericaFirst… up: today!Sign us join - MOVEMENT a this - Virginia Roanoke you Thank
him! of alongside right Flowers Gennifer put will I perhaps row front the in sit to wants fame Benefactor failed of Cuban Mark dopey If
https://t.co/6pQMSgPWuN Tickets:… me! Join Roanoke. in Center Berglund the at rally 6pm a for tonight- Virginia in back be Will
8th. November on victory tremendous a have will We support! his appreciate greatly I surprise. wonderful a was endorsement @SenTedCruz The
https://t.co/4iW06ROvsT #MAGA… #TrumpTrain Action! of Day National on us with calls make and doors on Knock day! the is Today
dumb! way no said pols Dem grandstand. to Saturday on Charlotte to go would she that announce to her forced judgement bad Hillary's Crooked
https://t.co/bnEE6NX41Z at:… available Tickets 6pm! ~ Coliseum Center- Berglund the at tomorrow Virginia Roanoke in me Join
Economy'https://t.co/jU3HHglnIu U.S. the Stimulate Would Trump 'How
65%. at estates tax she’ll saying by biz sm. &amp; farmers all Trump Never including had ever she Republican every lost just Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/05NY0wJHkL #MAGA… #TrumpTrain Action! of Day National on us with calls make and doors on Knock day! the Tomorrow's
circumstances. tough under job tremendous a doing is He today. Carolina North of @PatMcCroryNC Governor with Spoke
https://t.co/2XBs5SSRC3 WIN! WILL WE &amp; TODAY UP #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN movement. a is it campaign- a than more is This
#MAGAhttps://t.co/uKG55Pznwu 6pm! at evening Saturday on Virginia Roanoke in me Join
now. @foxandfriends on be Will
Enjoy! P.M. 10:00 at Tonight - @seanhannity on Ohio Cleveland from interviewed be will I
you! Thank .@YoungDems4Trump
https://t.co/Y8Sb8MNyXA #MAGA!… lets &amp; today MOVEMENT the Join Ohio. &amp; Carolina North Nevada you Thank polls! new Great
https://t.co/MQdp4GgLIE SAFE… AMERICA MAKE Lets 2016! 8 November on VOTE and out get to you for important so is It Ohio! Toledo you Thank
leadership. &amp; unity need We soon. well get injured those To end. immediate an to come will Charlotte in unrest &amp; violence the Hopefully
again. safe America make to together come must We tragic. are Charlotte and Tulsa in situations The
https://t.co/Lt2L3NKzyi SAF… AMERICA MAKE will we Together future. our changing behind past the Leaving campaign. a not - MOVEMENT a is It
https://t.co/AysJRMzvKw a… to coming is train gravy interest special that 8th November on Remember- Carolina! North Kenansville you Thank
https://t.co/DSaUpSptBz together… us bring to fight will I &amp; nation this of part neglected every for fight will I NC! Point High you Thank
debate! the at you see - Hillary well Sleep rest. the needs she again off day the taking is Clinton Hillary
belong! they where back jobs bring will We soon. there be Will rallies. big two for Carolina North to Heading
beginning. the from doing been have I like her behind plane the puts she - rallies airplane my copying is Hillary notice people Do
https://t.co/RJqHgq2Rn0 https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Nevada! you Thank
https://t.co/y01qpON7h7 https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Georgia! you Thank
change. for time is It ideas. new has she Now years. for doing been has she whatever or ISIS fighting been has Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/BF1IqPXNho https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. at today us Join MOVEMENT! a is this - Florida in rally Amazing
https://t.co/XhwUGw0v2H #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will we Together
Enjoy! now. Florida from tonight - @oreillyfactor the on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/ATBY343pS1 Off' Police The ‘Blew Clinton Endorsement: Presidential On Chief FOP Philly
https://t.co/E5BdTiwlur world..cont: the over all terrorists emboldened has State of Secretary was she while weakness Clinton's Hillary
system? thru get he did how people- its &amp; country our destroy to wants who terrorist a be to out turns ok is told were we someone again Once
country! a have don't we them without - them embrace should and them of proud are We enforcement! law by again once job Great
Enjoy. A.M. 7:02 at @foxandfriends on be Will
strong! be to need We Americans! all and families their victims of Thinking weekend. this MN and NJ NY in attacks Terrible
playbook! the change to Time abroad. victories than home at attacks more experienced have Americans Clinton &amp; Obama of leadership the Under
https://t.co/5Gwi1M5R2t Force!! Air States United the to - BIRTHDAY HAPPY
NYC. in bombing horrible the of victims and families the of all to condolences and wishes best regards warmest my express to like would I
Obama. including bosses many his of badly speaks Always in. is U.S. the mess the at Look Gates. Robert dopey liked never but met Never
good. looking are polls the - soon there be Will people! great crowd Massive rally. big a for Colorado to Heading
disgusting Really watching. are they but now) (for no said I intent. irresponsible for badly so @nytimes failing the sue to want lawyers My
rag! laughingstock a become has anything say to willing are They badly. so doing is Hillary Crooked that nuts gone has @nytimes failing The
well--wrong! me knows she pretends @nytimes failing the for columnist wacky the Dowd Maureen Crazy
dope! neurotic A column. and interviews boring her for said never I that things up makes me knows hardly who @NYTimesDowd Wacky
life! in losers mostly panelists anti-Trump Boring worse. getting and - low so are ratings their why that's and it get doesn't just .@CNN
disaster! total a - guidance his under results the at look But me. about nothing knows He Gates. Robert Secretary Defense former met never I
not! Maybe detail? Service Secret armed heavily her from taken be guns Will away. rights Amendment 2nd your take to wants Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/eyC3W1mweY Philadelphia. in officers- police @Penn &amp; @PhillyPolice the to out go prayers and thoughts My
pulled"https://t.co/zvVQnxeiQ9 ever he’s trick greatest the is event birther Trump’s "Donald
https://t.co/XaM9yEYCHL @KatiePavlich: from take interesting very A
them. with are prayers and thoughts My shot. been have officers @fortworthpd two informed been have - Texas in arrived Just
fantastic! was crowd Miami Colorado. and Oklahoma Houston for Miami leaving Just
https://t.co/5qTDijU3hn forget! not will support-I incredible the for you Thank #MAGA. will We all. you love I Villages- The in parade Great
https://t.co/JJQncd3zhf heroes...https://t.co/S9bvbysiOr American our from support much SO receiving for grateful and honored truly am I
statement. major a for D.C. Hotel International Trump new brand the to going now am I
https://t.co/QWbYm2lY7B #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW soon! back be will -- Hampshire New Laconia - evening great a for you Thank
https://t.co/cvu20ZQSVJ creation! job &amp; innovation for magnet great WORLD'S the become will AMERICA away wealth and jobs driving of Instead
Enjoy! tonight. 11:35pmE at @FallonTonight on @jimmyfallon joining be Will
Enjoy! 8pm. at tonight @oreillyfactor on @jessebwatters by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/Fsy1diPWjU https://t.co/xiu9AUiSSD #MAGA York. New of Club Economic the to delivered plan- economic of transcript Full
https://t.co/jzUQxkW4tB @JerryJrFalwell! you Thank
https://t.co/4MTmR8kXVb https://t.co/Mcbc2JzhN2 #MAGA #LESM America! across - officers enforcement law our of all to you Thank
https://t.co/eNtS7IBPDo #MAGA soon. you See everyone. with time spending and tour the enjoyed I me! having for you Thank
Enjoy! A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be Will
better! much do can We disaster. = Iraq in destruction mass of weapons of understanding weak his after Powell Colin of fan a never was I
Enjoy! 7am. at tomorrow @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/27sR3MjjXc #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW #MAGA soon. you See you! thank Nevada- of out poll Great
https://t.co/4MvwUj9eX9 https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW us: Join AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are We you! Ohio-thank Canton in evening Great
https://t.co/9ahPnfhQ5N Enjoy! 9pmE. at in tune - week last Detroit in @bishopwtjackson wonderful very the by interviewed been have to Honor
https://t.co/UtCRxykurW https://t.co/s0XVVNyBKf 7pm: at me Join Center. Civic the at rally a for Canton in landed Just Ohio! you Thank
https://t.co/JxsWXz05T9 me:https://t.co/rsx313493u Join Miami! in Friday you see to wait can't Florida- you Thank
https://t.co/z9Yg83VTF4 #ImWithYouVideo: @ATFD17! you Thank
https://t.co/6Odle7j1hd #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou you! thank - Florida poll Great
https://t.co/0DyHkzzWvj tonight! you see - Ohio you Thank
pass? free a get Obama does why and this know wouldn't Who years. Obama so-called the during Crimea took Russia
Clinton? Hillary for campaigning of instead working Obama President isn't Why
https://t.co/PLUKlsPXPR @CynthiaLummis!https://t.co/4S4pnx4Q6r Rep. you Thank
https://t.co/9gAk0FWqZ8 @MarshaBlackburn!https://t.co/vxEk0X4ntS Rep. you Thank
https://t.co/rzEw8pQhds @RepReneeEllmers!https://t.co/1DrZpfa6je you Thank
https://t.co/j389Quo4bg https://t.co/rntyxBSb9Jhttps://t.co/5SWmxfVfto AGAIN!Transcript: GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL THAT REFORMS CARE CHILD
https://t.co/Ne4pI7FyU7 #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Iowa!https://t.co/tuZ35BkD9J Clive you Thank
https://t.co/e3KQfBR2K8 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/v40n8RXgti will we Together today! us Join
https://t.co/QyR2MDYYbZ https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: noon! at today me join Iowa- to Heading
https://t.co/l17uzRPyLs https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt #MAGATickets: #AmericaFirst noon! at tomorrow Iowa Clive in me Join
#MAGA you! Thank unbelievable. was crowd the of spirit The rally. massive a had we where Carolina North Asheville from back got Just
https://t.co/oGcJL4N454 work! hard their for women &amp; men tremendous the of all thank to @TrumpDC by Stopped
Enjoy! @7:22. at @CNBC on be Will
A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
#NeverForgethttps://t.co/G5TMAUzy0z
hits! dishonest writes only place first in me put soon will that numbers poll and winning much so despite @nytimes failing seriously The
Americans! great many so about said she thing terrible a What moment. 47% her had just Clinton Hillary
all! them respect still I me for vote never will supporters her of many while and supporters my about things horrible said Hillary While
REMEMBER! COURT SUPREME Sass. Flake Romney Graham Lindsey ad. Clinton a in used be to themselves allow would Republicans that sad Really
Polls! the at her cost will it think I people. working hard amazing of millions supporters my to INSULTING SO was Clinton Hillary Wow
S! Phyllis woman respected truly and wonderful a of funeral the for Melania with today Missouri in be Will
incredible. was crowd the where Florida Pensacola from returned Just
dope! Irrelevant supporter. H Crooked lib Super style. his liked Never me. knows hardly he years many in @tonyschwartz seen havn't I
jilted! feels who case basket hostile a now is no) said (I years for me with book second a do to wanted who @tonyschwartz writer Dummy
https://t.co/vzKtRxzvwv #AmericaFirst https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. us: Join AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are we - Florida you Thank
Florida. Pensacola from 8:10pm at @oreillyfactor on live - tonight speech major a delivering be Will
https://t.co/n026nE4XIp AGAIN!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Together Ohio. you Thank
https://t.co/x4Y1TAFHvn Jim! win-THX to want much very I that state A VA. of @gov_gilmore successful &amp; popular by endorsed be to honor Great
https://t.co/JIlNW7myEN #ImWithYou AGAIN!#AmericaFirst GREAT AMERICA MAKE
Funny! badly. so Sellers Bakari announcer @CNN failed beat me endorsed who Carolina South of Governor Lt. McMaster Henry
@CNN. failing now is he and @NBC failed Zucker Jeff
campaign. Clinton the of arm an and industry broadcasting the to disgrace a Theyare fiction. is me on news Their unwatchable. is .@CNN
joke! A me. about spoke who people the of many know even don't I time. of waste total a is aired just @CNN that me of documentary The
https://t.co/C5ipaxUN7B #MAGA #ImWithYou you! Thank Forum. Commander-in-Chief nights last on NBC from results poll Final
jail. in be should she said who veteran the &amp; emails about answer dumb very her was It night. last Hillary hurt that Lauer Matt wasn't It
https://t.co/FxyBL6fO1h #TrumpTrain #AmericaFirst Forum. Commander-in-Chief nights last from results poll More
https://t.co/sCOnny1fl3 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst NBC. by taken poll in - results nights Last
benefitted. have would US the and Mexico both where - together deals wonderful made have would States United the and Mexico Luis With
Nieto. Peña President by respected highly is know I who man wonderful and minister finance brilliant a lost has Mexico
#POTUS. as serve to Unfit confused. totally is She past. the in has she than night last differently questions email answered Clinton Hillary
media! the by decimated being She's night. last performance poor for up make to tarmac the on conference news disastrous a gave just Hillary
News. ABC Clinton" Hillary for night rough "A
YOU! THANK - in are reviews Wow
@foxandfriends on @newtgingrich @GenFlynn UP COMING
night. last of reviews nice the for @foxandfriends to you Thank
https://t.co/Rcu6KaRGCB polls! #CommanderInChiefForum great - America you Thank
Nice! great. were presentation Commander-in-Chief my of everyone almost from polls and reviews The veterans. fantastic our to you Thank
https://t.co/6Nwu7EMJ9d #AmericaFirst down! people American the let never &amp; country our for big think will I elected if - Peter you Thank
https://t.co/LYmpRyY0Hq me!https://t.co/JCO7Za78tV join -- 7pm at Friday you See FL. Pensacola you thank - Wow
https://t.co/fQGxwAjXD7 #AmericaFirst!
#MAGAhttps://t.co/5FmxGtLkwt #AmericaFirst poll' voters: veteran military among points 19 by Clinton Hillary leads Trump 'Donald
Enjoy! @FoxNews. 11pmE at tonight @oreillyfactor on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/HX2LRYs4Vq 11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain on #VoteTrump &amp; out get Carolina- North you Thank
https://t.co/00GNH9nLet @MayorRGiuliani. &amp; @GenFlynn @LaraLeaTrump @IvankaTrump by joined Virginia- in spouses military with meeting Great
https://t.co/RmQJt0Wxcq #ImWithYou veterans. and members service families military amazing our of all to you Thank
https://t.co/0ciDCuoFeO https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ #VoteTrump 7pm! at Friday this Florida Pensacola in me Join
https://t.co/SCEq9LqTTj #ImWithYou #VoteTrump you! Thank
up? What’s trending. #1 is it yet attack coughing “hacking”or massive Hillary’s covered never media Mainstream
https://t.co/6v4C8ykDVl #AmericaFirst you! Thank
TRUMP. FOR CASE CONSERVATIVE THE book latest her get and out go can everybody hope I Schlafly Phyllis great late the to tribute a As
Terrible! whore." a of son "the Obama calls President Philippines then and One Force Air from stairway carpet red a provide wouldn't China
special! very was She 92. at away passed has president for endorsement strong her with me honored who Schlafly Phyllis great truly The
https://t.co/p68GAJdhwu #AmericaFirst Ohio! you Thank
https://t.co/cGwDLSOFUt #AmericaFirst polls. great some now- Ohio Youngstown to Heading
https://t.co/r0cwJlV38L #MAGA #LaborDay leaders. labor with roundtable a for I &amp; @Mike_Pence hosting for 610- Post Legion American you Thank
https://t.co/ZqRtbV4KRI https://t.co/RNl7cfzkmN #AmericaFirstVideo: #LaborDay
https://t.co/FAldS5zZi5 tarmac! on fight - plane his off get to stairway proper the Obama give not would Chinese the that believe you Can
deals! bad makes Only maker. deal natural a not is Obama new? is else what so - Syria on deal reach to fail Putin &amp; Obama President
happening? be this can How CLASSIFIED. for stood documents on markings "C" the know not did she that FBI the told Clinton Hillary Lyin'
"T" VOTE it fix will I jobs. no schools poor crime high years fifty for you failed have Democrats The community: African-American the To
e-mails? acid-wash and devices 13 hammer she did tomorrow.Why campaign will and bed of out getting is Hillary Crooked so close are polls The
Sad! Flake. Jeff Senator ineffective and weak very a has people) (amazing rally massive a had just I where Arizona of State Great The
immigration. illegal stop to going is it if @JeffFlake as such people weak not leaders committed and strong needs Party Republican The
term! O during over taken and - lie total A Crimea. over took Russia that aware not was I that morning this said pick V.P. Hillary's Crooked
source credible a longer no - pack the of back the at are They release. FBI Crooked's on properly reported not has @nytimes failing the Wow
scandals. e-mail new the of light in Hillary Crooked promoting time hard a having are they but bias their in disgusting so is .@CNN
crowd! wonderful and large a Inside outside. protest small a is about talks @CNN all and reception fantastic church Detroit to visit Great
https://t.co/wAePlfS0JL https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ me! Join 7pm. at 9/9/16 Friday Florida- in Center Bay Pensacola the to returning am I
Detroit!https://t.co/4Ucx678ZCC and Jackson T. Wayne Bishop International Ministries Faith Great you Thank
https://t.co/I8dHzezmY4 #ImWithYou
https://t.co/Gtl7DyQkzt #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
https://t.co/7hupah1RQN #ImWithYou you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain thank - Iowa poll new Great
WIN! - pros great with packed was it and Arizona and Ohio from returning after night last headquarters campaign Tower Trump our visited I
#MAGA! to want They SPIRIT! GREAT with people and volunteers of army an have We 8. Nov. on game ground our by surprised very be will People
mess! a Joe @Morning_Joe. ratings low the on me about talking while breakdown mental a had @morningmika dumb very and crazy that heard Just
Enjoy! @oreillyfactor. the on 8pm at tonight @ericbolling by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/TUgccsxvoy #ImWithYou OHIO! you Thank future. American new a create to going We're America. for legacy new a you promising am I
https://t.co/19TZEi6EbB #ALConvention2016 everyone! with time my enjoyed I @AmericanLegion. morning this me having for you Thank
progress! big making - up way numbers Poll
Arizona! of people great the to also you Thank night. last immigration on speech the of review great the for @foxandfriends to you Thank
wall! the for pay will Mexico
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/QfHfCQg0Wa #AmericaFirst! called it's administration Trump a Under
#AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/G1MuLrjhW9 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to stamina the or strength the have doesn't Clinton Hillary
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/vVhzSdCblA amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain no be will There
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/pSFuPZz0xP 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain - wall the for pay will Mexico
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/MT3wW61YS5 Arizona! in arrived Just
meeting. next our to forward Look people! quality high and leadership wonderful - today Mexico to trip Great
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to stamina or drive the have doesn't She Mexico. to go didn't she now and Louisiana to go didn't Clinton Hillary
bomb." "f the using for apologized he when me invited also today Mexico to visit my against railing is who Fox Vicente President Former
https://t.co/CWDQnISYH4 #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will WE Together Washington! you Thank
tomorrow. him meeting to forward much very look and Mexico of Nieto Pena Enrique President of invitation the accepted have I
https://t.co/1oWrFnHe0u #MAGA Carolina! North you Thank
https://t.co/ePJW9jLckM #MAGAhttps://t.co/FljBVvbwKr America! you Thank
Wednesday! Watch immigration. illegal Stop more. much and BORDER SOUTHERN the on wall great a build to going was I that said I one day From
https://t.co/fDAJl5wVGe https://t.co/66bfVtIwf1 #ImWithYouTickets: noon! at Ohio Wilmington in Thursday this me Join
https://t.co/VwKnxo1TNQ https://t.co/1jATILh2k7 #ImWithYouTickets: 6pm! at Arizona Phoenix in Wednesday this me Join
https://t.co/IoYMdjvWHf #ImWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/YzRTPrqrNC #Obamacare! as known disaster horrible the replace and repeal will We
https://t.co/vXhcC8PaPy #CrookedHillary
TRUMP! want they inner-cities the to done has management and policy type Hillary job bad a what seeing are African-Americans that Now
JUDGEMENT BAD has she S Bernie by stated as or bad so is making decision her why overrated.Probably highly is brainpower Hillary's Crooked
elsewhere go to forced was She D.C. Washington in Exams Bar the pass to unable was hard so tried who Hillary Crooked that know anyone Does
on! going slaughter the stop will I know they because Trump for vote will African-Americans levels. record reaching is crime Inner-city
Trump=SAFE! vote to Latinos and African-Americans for take it will shootings more many how crime more much How getting! is it bad how Look
venue. larger a for looking crowds Big Arizona. of State GREAT the in Wednesday on IMMIGRATION ILLEGAL on speech major a making be will I
Hillary? so! doing in problem no have I records. medical detailed release should myself and Hillary Crooked candidates both that think I
opportunity. and equality justice for fight enduring the honor we today - Washington on March the of anniversary 53rd the is Today
https://t.co/v8VLxdd0fO #VoteTrump Arizona! you Thank
https://t.co/sn08gnd0lq https://t.co/ABQGySdcYt Tickets: Arena! Xfinity the at Washington Everett in Tuesday me Join
https://t.co/dKAVaLfGAJ TRILLION $19.4 = 2016 TRILLIONAugust $10.6 = 2009 January DEBT NATIONAL
https://t.co/P4qVGGUYVZ bravery. &amp; courage their by inspired so been have I Iowa. in me join family Root amazing the have to honor an was It
https://t.co/3BIF6jBTkk #ImWithYou Iowa! you Thank
friends. my of all with being to forward Look @JoniErnst. Senator wonderful of honor in event great a attend to Iowa in landed Just
prayers. and thoughts my in are They Aldridge. Nykea of loss the on family his and Wade Dwyane to condolences My
TRUMP! VOTE will African-Americans saying. been have I what Just Chicago. in baby her walking killed and shot just was cousin Wade's Dwyane
WALL! &amp; border strong need We border. southern our from in Coming MIDWEST. the in others and children our over taking are overdoses Heroin
https://t.co/numII7W99T #ImWithYou today.https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm MOVEMENT the join - polls New
https://t.co/0angXB2BrI https://t.co/FccLQSCkDY #TrumpPence16 APP! #AmericaFirst new our via us Join
#ImWithYou great! looking Polls unreal. is Demand one. larger much to venue Changing Wednesday. on Arizona Phoenix in be Will
https://t.co/lseAAqxjA9 voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain registered 100000 those get lets and updated me Keep Florida. @TeamTrump you Thank
#Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 7pm at @kimguilfoyle by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/CQTSo2ETJF threat: insider as Clinton Hillary lists slide training Army
https://t.co/g2N3JJWV8a President: for Trump Donald Support to Hillary Over Party w/ Breaking Democrats Lifelong ‘Trumpocrats’: the Meet
https://t.co/D0MeBJXBwN #CrookedHillary Recovery" Prevent To Intended Program Using Emails Deleted Clinton "Hillary
apologized? she Has - PREDATORS" "SUPER youth African-American called Hillary Crooked that forget people quickly How
solve will country-I our for problem big a Such discussion. the into back immigration illegal of subject the brought have to proud very am I
Apologize! @Morning_Joe. ratings low on @morningmika crazy by @MSNBC on unfairly and viciously attacked was @pastormarkburns Wonderful
it! fix will I statistics. educational and crime poverty the at Look me. with going by lose to have Hispanics and African-Americans do What
communities Hispanic &amp; African-American the within safety and education poverty of problems the solve to able be NEVER will Hillary Crooked
predators...https://t.co/Fr0gFtZVVz real the are Clinton's The
https://t.co/MJQp0rcnzH #FlashbackFriday campaign." 2008 her of undertones racist the address to needs Clinton "Hillary
https://t.co/npswT6lbg3 transcript: speech Full CITIES. INNER THE OF SABOTAGE HER AND CORRUPTION CLINTON
pass! a her gives Media (stamina). short very always and policy No me. on hit a is it when speech a make to how knows only Clinton Hillary
argument!https://t.co/FNbCMmwLTn tired one w/this left are they fail policies their when playbook- Dem the in play oldest the using is HRC
ACTION! NO and talk all is she know they but voters- African-American get to try to race-baiting using is Clinton Hillary
herself! of ashamed be should She society. our in instincts worst the to pandering is speech short Clinton's Hillary
fear-mongering! one only the is She lies. and short Very speech. #CrookedHillary's of recap watched Just
promise it fix will I down: way jobs and employment up way crime and poverty badly so doing are community African-American the in many So
Wow! up. way national rising numbers All Utah. in jump big and Arizona @CNN Florida in Leading good. very look to starting are numbers Poll
prevail! will You Indiana. of people great the to prayers and Thoughts
leadership. True struck. tornadoes after efforts relief the lead help to Indiana in is @Mike_Pence Governor Great
laws! our enforce &amp; #BuildTheWall will we elected immigration-if including subjects various discussing @FoxNews- 10pE @ #Hannity on be Will
https://t.co/N8FShwYt2g #ImWithYou support!#AmericaFirst your for you Thank
https://t.co/K5MBAcnfR1 #TrumpPence16 you! Thank Florida. Tampa in afternoon great A
https://t.co/rnU1fkn274 https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we together &amp; MOVEMENT the Join released. poll national New
https://t.co/7TKpe388Bc #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! thank - Florida poll new Great
#MakeAmericaSafeAgainhttps://t.co/EMuSftG6RPhttps://t.co/FHPR44WixX down! Project Remembrance The of families the let not will I
Myanmar. and Italy in earthquakes powerful two by affected those of families and victims the with are prayers and thoughts My
https://t.co/ZBnYzNb0eo Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain County Travis you Thank
https://t.co/8ZBneb0pGk Enjoy! Texas. Austin from 10pmE at @SeanHannity on tonight Hall Town a in participating be Will
https://t.co/7ImVH69fNb https://t.co/U28HNPtjm9 down! them let not will I Agents. Patrol Border amazing our of some with Texas Austin In
https://t.co/lLyaW6nxsP https://t.co/iwEAiWKgtR Tickets: 1pmE! at tomorrow Florida- Tampa in me Join
late! too little Too golfing. of instead ago days Louisiana to gone have should Obama President
LIE! Department. State The of that and work private her between connection" no "absolutely was there that stated strongly Clinton Hillary
history! political American in worst the is me against on pile media the that fact a is and everyone virtually by reported being is It
crime! border of victims with and BORDER the on Special @FoxNews a and Party Republican the for fundraiser big a doing Texas in now am I
boring! buy Don't stories. inaccurate their of some of copies of comprised me- on book job hit a together put quickly @WashingtonPost The
is! it sure am I Ann knowing - terrific it's saying are People tomorrow. out comes Trust We Trump 'In book new .@AnnCoulter's
Texas. to now Going people! Amazing rally. packed a after Ohio Akron leaving Just
https://t.co/EUWhDC644R Ohio. Akron in lodge Police of Order Fraternal the at officers- enforcement law retired &amp; active with meeting Great
Foundation:https://t.co/2twuzrB9om Clinton on Statement
ENJOY! Eastern. A.M. 8:30 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be Will
clowns! Two @morningmika. girlfriend long-time insecure very his and @JoeNBC of story real the tell I'll down calm things when day Some
mess! bright very not and neurotic a wall the off is @morningmika unwatchable! morning this @Morning_Joe low-rated watching Tried
Irrelevant! nasty. was helped) I someone (&amp; TV in failure big a D Donny little that but Friday on nice very was @Morning_Joe that heard I
her! protecting is Media Street. Wall on bosses her by for paid all - ads misleading and false with airwaves the flooding is Hillary Crooked
happening! is big very Something them. discuss or show to refuses media the but crowds enthusiastic and big very drawing been have I
AGAIN!https://t.co/pUtN4kFhDK GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE to going are we Together
#MAGA dreams. common and purpose common in Americans as united – again country ONE as together America bring will We
https://t.co/IU4JPSi0rZ #TrumpPence16 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to going are We Virginia. soon back be Will
Enjoy! P.M. 9:00 at @JudgeJeanine on interviewed be Will
enthusiasm! great crowd big really - Virginia leaving Just
https://t.co/epfSJckcKq #TrumpPence16 soon. you see will @JerryJrFalwell- you Thank
https://t.co/I6xGsEzlwv prayers. &amp; thoughts our in are You you. w/ time my by humbled so @SamaritansPurse- @BillyNungesser .@Franklin_Graham
https://t.co/Ob7J2oBWhq up.#StandWithLouisiana other each lift together-to work all must We hurt. all we hurts one When nation. one are We
Sleeping!!!!! #WheresHillary?
https://t.co/vP3eqF3Zbb #TrumpPence16 AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE to going are We MOVEMENT. a is This Michigan. you Thank
#TrumpTrain #ImWithYou @FoxNews. on @BillHemmer with interview on @EricTrump by job Great
night. last speech my for otherwise and pundits Twitter by comments nice the of all for everyone to you Thank
newspaper. dying a is it Fortunately day. the by worse and worse gets @nytimes failing the at reporting The
MI. in tonight speech another &amp; Louisiana to now Heading success. great a was speech The reception. great evenings last for NC to you Thank
https://t.co/XoDkW5X3Wy up. other each lift to - together work all must We hurt. all we hurts state one When nation. one are We
https://t.co/Y19nUKkYTc Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain North Charlotte you Thank
https://t.co/aENuIvrUrS AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Together
https://t.co/v8J0r64J7h #ThrowbackThursday #CrookedHillary
BREXIT! MR. me calling be soon will They
@FoxNews - @seanhannity on P.M. 10:00 at tonight Hall Town a doing be will I
https://t.co/7nReqYM7FF Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 10pmE at tonight @SeanHannity by hosted event- hall town a in participating be Will
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Fi7yEb2XQb again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain once people the of government a this make to going are We
https://t.co/NNMyTJo6i6 disaster! a is It increases. premium double-digit soaring caused has which #Obamacare replace &amp; repeal will We
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Eph6qy7zyB opportunities. lost &amp; crime high poverty of generation another for vote a is Clinton Hillary for vote A
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/N9XNoGNcqc #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
#ImWithYouhttps://t.co/IdJBuaKMwK #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Priebus. @Reince Chairman @GOP &amp; @ScottWalker Governor you Thank
https://t.co/vDag45zrDc Tickets: #ImWithYou 7:30pm! at tomorrow - Carolina North in me Join
https://t.co/qqSfOfgdap https://t.co/AIa2Z9po2h #ImWithYouVideo: #LawandOrder
https://t.co/YlATGI2Ph6 #ImWithYouTranscript: #LawandOrder
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wisconsin. from live speech important an delivering - 10pmE at tonight @SeanHannity on be Will
https://t.co/SXp7efXEZU markets....Cont: free of virtues the and communism of evils the exposing by part in War Cold the won we as Just
https://t.co/Jb21oyNfxt people: American the to pledge my is This
https://t.co/EzDzJ4EzIN 36%' Trump 38% Clinton race 2-point a just 'It's
https://t.co/YqfaEvg8c3 beginning! the Only plans.' #Obamacare on losses financial 'persistent to due back pulling is insurer health Another
https://t.co/QFRs4bEUC1 #AmericasMerkel
https://t.co/COZQNt6KVs BILLION." $400 OVER OF COST LIFETIME AT TERM FIRST IN REFUGEES 620000 IN BRING COULD PLAN REFUGEE "CLINTON
https://t.co/bgBGPaKaqI #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Sad! appointments. proper get Court U.S.Supreme the see than me fighting by face save rather would me to lost have who Republicans Certain
misrepresents! media but - etc borders Ocare repeal A 2nd vets military jobs trade - do always I chant. the is message" on "Stay
so! do to supporters to dishonest very be would it but change to me wants media self.The to true person-remain same the been always have I
false! completely is it if even want they whatever write and say to allowed are others and newspapers when press" the of "freedom not is It
it! get People process. protection government her and media corrupt and dishonest the fighting am I Hillary Crooked fighting only not am I
expose! to refuses media dishonest The politician. or person talented a not is She media. the by protected being is Clinton Hillary Crooked
enthusiasm. or size crowd show never and message real the discuss never They media. the by properly covered not are rallies My
20% by Hillary beating be would I say I words the into meaning false put didn't and honestly me covered media corrupt and disgusting the If
said am-never I who am I False change. will I that advisers to saying am I that saying keeps me to spoke never which @nytimes failing The
Hillary! protects media The fiction. is reporting Their happened. never that meetings and sources anonymous about talks @nytimes failing The
Pres. for run she can How PAY-FOR-PLAY. - e-mails her saw nobody that sure be to wanted H Crooked reason one to as confirmation have now We
8th! November on numbers great - amazing are country our of people The president. for running while myself enjoying truly am I
dishonest! Very sources. unnamed non-existent quote always me about stories Their fiction. of newspaper a become has @nytimes failing The
Enjoy! @GovMikeHuckabee. by hosted 10pm at tonight @seanhannity on be Will
https://t.co/5hZp7PnRoT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we Together Pennsylvania! Erie you Thank
https://t.co/WNDAagFRRS #MAGA you! thank - night last Florida in support Unbelievable
https://t.co/AKIHQW4ljd Again! Great America Make Let's #CrookedHillary. defeat and House White the to get to support your need We
https://t.co/mjTScP4sZ2 #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/vzZZ6M5K9t Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/xI4qjds5fP Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU! with I'm
https://t.co/R751UfHQ0A #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
facts! the report media dishonest the will When State. of Secretary as term Clinton's Hillary during strength tremendous gained ISIS
can't! They out. me figure and try to seriously so and hard so working television on (pundits) people pathetic poor these watching love I
yesterday! was that rollout boring) (and terrible a What agenda. Clinton's Hillary Crooked fund to necessary be will increase tax massive A
SARCASM? GET DON'T THEY MVP. &amp; ISIS of founder" "the Clinton) (and Obama President call I that seriously so reports @CNN challenged Ratings
https://t.co/uHiGJ6Pe3E Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/fSKOf0Jz9K Again! Great America Make Let's cronies. her and Clinton Hillary defeat to help your on counting am I
Enjoy! 8pm. at tonight @oreillyfactor doing be Will
https://t.co/a1A6XMfYx1 it! get people American The off. everyone turns @CNN failing from reporting phony Constant surprise. no is This
https://t.co/cjivzdRpU1 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Florida. Lauderdale Fort you Thank
climber. the saving and people the protecting in NYPD the by today job Great
dishonest. Totally hoax. a is @CNN by story up Made campaign. my or me to spoke never Service Secret that announced just Reuters
https://t.co/8rWz6p1Ged #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
https://t.co/RQUKD6sjno https://t.co/g7ivluiyF2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Virginia! Abingdon you Thank
@CNN. ratings" "low by story up made a - happened ever conversation or meeting such No
https://t.co/32gdX684ew #MAGAhttps://t.co/wnpVlq6oe4 you! thank industry- coal Virginia the from leaders &amp; miners coal w/ meeting Great
https://t.co/9yicUxd87D Enjoy! 7pm. at tonight @greta on interviewed be will I
#LESM Arkansas. County Sebastian in shot officers police two the with are prayers and thoughts My
irrelevant! &amp; sad - #2A and Giuliani Rudy against wild went he heard I but anymore watch don't I ratings. low its is weakness Joe's Morning
rock a as dumb - lightweight a is Lemon Don @CNN. on night last me and Amendment Second the both defending in fantastic were You .@dbongino
Constitution! our save to vote out get and organize must citizens pro-2A said I stance. anti-2A Clinton's from distract to desperate Media
emails? her maybe and borders open Libya like killed people gotten have that policies Hillary's about talk to going media the is When
#TrumpPence16https://t.co/YmdH3fcaeW @ChuckGrassley! Senator you Thank
#TrumpPence16https://t.co/RMtU6aRZTQ @SenatorFischer! you Thank
https://t.co/ZnnaSPF5or Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain North Wilmington you Thank
https://t.co/RBLII8rIfo NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
https://t.co/fwU0jMcB1m NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
https://t.co/szAygwbchK NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
https://t.co/J3NzuVpruI NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
https://t.co/4ccXAY5ZNo NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
https://t.co/dDA0CZWdYF NYC. in Tower Trump at HQ campaign of tour &amp; Trump Eric with lunch private a have to chance your for NOW Act
mess! a U.S. made have that people the are These Primaries. Republican the in did I like just insiders Washington the against running am I
now! @foxandfriends on interviewed be Will
home! back got Just supporters. great our of some with meet to Ohio in stop Quick wonderful. was today Detroit in Being
https://t.co/i5S3mtJWpe https://t.co/I2WqZb5N8P flat.' fell efforts her - York New Upstate in jobs 200000 promised Clinton Senator 'As
emails. hacked Clinton's Hillary of because U.S. the helped who scientist the killed Iranians the that saying are people Many
https://t.co/Acg0hMvrpr Newt! you Thank
https://t.co/XGSIJJQiGJ https://t.co/R5Z4CGfjqJ Palazzo! Steven Congressman you Thank
https://t.co/LmfiGByFPb Perdue!https://t.co/d0dCUZ20jf David Senator you Thank
https://t.co/eKtSXUw51R @RepLouBarletta!https://t.co/bre8u93vac you Thank
https://t.co/wQQIHQKsdK #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we together @NFIB- you Thank
https://t.co/4p0hzpkVWF you! Thank
https://t.co/c2uIa7mndP Alex! you Thank
Enjoy! P.M. 12:15 at live carried be will speech policy economic My
https://t.co/Z80d4MYIg8 at: available now Tickets 6pm. at evening tomorrow Carolina North Fayetteville in me Join
https://t.co/ia7rKBmioA Trump?" to Apologize Media "Will #ICYMI:
flunky! Clinton total a is calls bad serious made has who man a and C.I.A. of Director Acting former lightweight the Morell Michael
dishonest! Very more. much so and baby" "the nuclear Crimea purpose. on things many so distort totally They crazy. going is media The
joke! a is She Baltimore. in done has she job the at Look hard. Crooked pushing is Baltimore of Rawlings-Blake Stephanie Mayor where see I
https://t.co/ZL4Q01Q49s #MAGA #TrumpPence16 Hampshire! New Windham you Thank
candidate'https://t.co/YbqkhWNm0g growth middle-class the Is Trump 'Donald - .@Larry_Kudlow
win! will I but - media biased totally and dishonest very the against running am I Clinton Hillary Crooked against running just not am I
https://t.co/I0zJO2sZKk #TrumpPence16 president! next our be to fit not is #CrookedHillary
things! other and CIRCUITED SHORT brain her saying Hillary about talking be will - Hampshire New to Heading
https://t.co/wzsE7SoGUG today! YOURS Get more. or $184 of donation your for Deal" the of Art "The book my of copies signed EDITION LIMITED
https://t.co/pvNwKWlFy1 today! YOURS Get more. or $184 of donation your for Deal" the of Art "The book my of copies signed EDITION LIMITED
"BRAINWASHED." word the up Look president! our be to fit not is CIRCUITS" "SHORT mind whose Anybody
dangerous! Very e-mails. her on question a answering when CIRCUITED" "SHORT she that see to world the for and loudly said Hillary Crooked
happens! what see all us Let questions. answering in performance poor her for criticized badly being is Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/mS8qsQpJPh #Rio2016 #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony luck Good
cities'https://t.co/XbnZ5vktGk major in rise the on It’s crime: violent about right is 'Trump
https://t.co/qsYbyrm3UR #MAGA #TrumpPence16 soon. back be will I and @Mike_Pence Governor Wisconsin! Bay Green you Thank
AGAIN!#TrumpPence16https://t.co/1mGkPNZPKF IT DO CLINTON HILLARY LET DON'T
https://t.co/gr6tGqqmcm #TrumpTrain #MAGA support! your appreciate I and @Mike_Pence Governor Iowa! Moines Des you Thank
https://t.co/Q96e1Npa5d #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/XT3U5mY0oc Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU! with I'm
https://t.co/r1ySXDJ1Wq people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
https://t.co/5yuLKyh8Q6 #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
https://t.co/pteWtMjXVO people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
https://t.co/IBt9JpYh7p #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/DGMxQYUm7s Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/bwxirLtPXY Again! Great America Make Let's #CrookedHillary. defeat and House White the to get to support your need We
https://t.co/4GWAHgf8us people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
https://t.co/XcqwGHAUue #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/NTDm6xfREg Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/FgPFo1NWiC Again! Great America Make Let's #CrookedHillary. defeat and House White the to get to support your need We
https://t.co/c7Ekrgn9jx Again! Great America Make Let's cronies. her and Clinton Hillary defeat to help your on counting am I
https://t.co/laUdwGO1aX people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
https://t.co/GMYEWngo2y #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/u2WQondgqm Again! Great America Make Let's #CrookedHillary. defeat and House White the to get to support your need We
https://t.co/k1ZvNC3YAC Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/0KL9McborU Again! Great America Make Let's cronies. her and Clinton Hillary defeat to help your on counting am I
https://t.co/98Vtqu4i7n people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
https://t.co/jMgAETgW6U #AmericaFirst. put must We country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/J7ICZN3Bus Again! Great America Make Let's #CrookedHillary. defeat and House White the to get to support your need We
https://t.co/Eb6jr4nbj3 Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/im2J6xXq1u Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/wotYvx6Prz Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I YOU. with I'm
https://t.co/z3pzKBfP0U Again! Great America Make Let's cronies. her and Clinton Hillary defeat to help your on counting am I
President.https://t.co/3EzG620fpT as serve to unfit is and judgment bad has Clinton Hillary
Iran! to going cash in million $400 carrying plane the not Switzerland Geneva in plane hostage the was television on saw I plane The
https://t.co/jsAMGO3s4P President. your as questions dodge won't I funding. terror Iran about question answer to refuses Obama President
Depression! Great the since numbers economic worst the and Iran of rise ISIS us gave judgment disastrous Obama's
Bernie. against election the rigged they how about DNC the ask should Obama President
https://t.co/UODSMp0oTo https://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz https://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slx7pm- 3pm- Wisconsin! &amp; Iowa @Mike_Pence Gov. w/ tomorrow you See
https://t.co/RhblAXkNPw https://t.co/oVfF28rWL5 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maine! Portland you Thank
https://t.co/hr4O8Xgq2R #CoastGuardDay @USCG! you Thank Guard. Coast States United the to Birthday 226th Happy
https://t.co/Iui1F2z9ca @MaineGOP you! thank Maine in here counting &amp; doors 50K on knocked group This you. of all meeting Great
https://t.co/0Ei3EdQdXB #MAGAhttps://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slxhttps://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz us! Join tomorrow. Pence Gov. with WI &amp; IA to forward Looking
https://t.co/VSnBoQYoZs https://t.co/xrTQjt9WOC Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Jacksonville you Thank
https://t.co/Al5bZlRFYk #ImWithYou #MAGA candidacy! my of support your for you Thank
https://t.co/QoxJf4Xzbc #MAGA #LESM Florida! Beach Daytona in today- officers enforcement law amazing the to you Thank
https://t.co/IAcLfXe463 Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Beach Daytona YOU THANK
Scandal! Iran. to cash in dollars million 400 give to talks started who one the was Clinton Hillary State of Secretary incompetent Our
H! Crooked Beat support. tremendous your for everyone thank to want I before. ever than greater perhaps campaign my in unity great is There
fantastic! was Crowd Virginia. in day Great
https://t.co/QySC5PLFMy Enjoy! 7pm. at tonight @Greta on be will @IvankaTrump daughter My
https://t.co/vVcAzY2zcp ‘reset' during Russians from Cash’ ‘Clinton about questions raises Report
States! United the of history the in president worst the perhaps as down go will Obama President
https://t.co/I5fF3didZs https://t.co/d0LfyiBlvX Company: Uranium Putin’s from $180000 Pocketed Brother Podesta’s John #ICYMI:
https://t.co/xe0I0EmxMa #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/XSF1kp7R54 7pm- | https://t.co/jbOS2s4qGIJacksonville 3pm- | Daytona #MakeAmericaGreatAgain tomorrow! Florida in me Join
https://t.co/SPgFIFuSO7 LEADERSHIP: FAILED OBAMA'S PRESIDENT TO RESPONSE IN STATEMENT
https://t.co/9inCh1BVwM #ImWithYou Virginia! you Thank
https://t.co/4LnzfKRsqZ today! YOURS Get more. or $184 of donation your for Deal" the of Art "The book my of copies signed EDITION LIMITED
https://t.co/KpVEN635SH today! YOURS Get more. or $184 of donation your for Deal" the of Art "The book my of copies signed EDITION LIMITED
https://t.co/NNOM5GANxD today! YOURS Get more. or $184 of donation your for Deal" the of Art "The book my of copies signed EDITION LIMITED
https://t.co/FsrUGByuuD grow! nose that Watch LIAR! PATHOLOGICAL A is. REALLY she what for #CrookedHillary out calls Post Washington The
https://t.co/jQTQYBFpdb Virginia! tomorrow you See now. departing - Pennsylvania in evening great a &amp; Ohio in afternoon Great
https://t.co/RbuXfDZ5w9 #MAGA soon. back be Will enthusiastic! so crowd-- Incredible PA. Mechanicsburg leaving Just
win! I when end will That countries. other and Mexico to moved have Pennsylvania in jobs manufacturing of numbers Vast
appreciated. much very words kind your for @pnehlen to Thanks
https://t.co/zfxeNbr1nq 7pm- | https://t.co/rJjYUbwiLLJacksonville 3pm- | Jacksonville:Daytona &amp; Daytona Wednesday! on Florida in me Join
https://t.co/EHRiLkQDWD heard. them want don’t They violence. immigrant illegal of victims the from away cut CNN convention GOP the During
cost? will it much how and 550% refugees Syrian increase to plan Hillary’s on segment a do CNN will When
Islam. Radical against out speak to refuses &amp; gays and women oppress horribly that regimes from money in raked Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/gJYSSXtpaz CNN. at Silence ISIS. to linked business a from $ accepted many of deaths the to led have decisions whose Hillary
https://t.co/iYM3CCWS2z #MAGA #ImWithYou donors. her by owned 100% is Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/vMf1EPJp4r #MAGA #ImWithYou soon. back be will I Ohio! Columbus you Thank
https://t.co/WUdY7feRvV #ImWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Virginia! &amp; Oklahoma you Thank
something! saying really Hillary....that's believe they as little as almost days these CNN believe People
life. real from disconnected those - fundraisers headline or chairs anchor CNN behind sit Hillary support who people The
Hillary? hurt will it worried they are or -- unfolding now crisis unreported massive the show to border the to cameras its send CNN Will
Department? State at pay-for-play Hillary's and corruption Foundation Clinton on CNN from stories see we will When
jobs. vanishing and schools failing crime rising about worried people everyday with touch of out completely are anchors CNN
Clinton. Hillary for shop press the be to continue they if news in name trusted least the be soon will CNN
https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw at: available Tickets 7pm! at tonight Nevada- Reno in Pence Mike Governor Join
https://t.co/oHI6xrDJU0 #CrookedHillary
said! I what That's push. to continue and Crimea taken already have they Ukraine the and Russia on talk tough Obama the of all with So
Crimea! in Already President. am I if saying am I down" it mark can you Ukraine into going "not is Putin that interview an in said I When
smart! Get U.S. the and TERRORISM ISLAMIC RADICAL rather but interviews doing place the over all is who Khan Mr. about not is story This
Nice! - same the doing T.V. over all now is and DNC the of stage the from me attacked viciously me know not does who Khan Mr.
laughable! is @CNN joke. a is @nytimes failing The us. against is media the biased and one-sided distorted how unbelievable is it Wow
H? Crooked than viewers more of millions had speech my then why wonder I Convention. Democratic the over fawning is media dishonest The
me! not war Iraq the for voted Hillary respond? to allowed not I Am Convention. Democratic the at Khan Mr. by attacked viciously was I
it! eradicate to "leaders" our of weakness the and TERROR ISLAMIC RADICAL about is this but hero a was ago years 12 killed Khan Captain
https://t.co/n6W9Dm6FqY goal! end-of-month our hit we if campaign our to check MILLION $2 a write will I goal! original the crushed We
you! Thank MILLION. 27.8 CLINTON MILLION. 32.2 TRUMP SPEECH: ACCEPTANCE on numbers final Research Media Nielson
DEMS. and Hillary Crooked over #1 Convention National Republican the at speech my made that viewers television the of all to you Thank
@FoxNews @CNN event! media major a be would It Pennsylvania. in today drawing is Hillary that crowds small the had I if imagine you Can
@dcexaminer:https://t.co/VZLDFy707K via up pay should members agrees commander NATO
like! will I general a is This BILLS. THEIR PAY must members alliance that me with agrees he that announced just commander top NATO's Wow
END! Mexico. like countries other by us from stolen be to jobs our allowed who Clintons the like politicians by created was Belt" "Rust The
VP Bill with - 200 than less drew politicians dumb by decimated absolutely been have jobs where Pennsylvania Johnstown in stop Crooked's
https://t.co/y9WJoUaaql below. seen - growth economic our for news terrible be would which term third Obama's = #CrookedHillary
NAFTA? signed husband her because is it Perhaps Pennsylvania. in crowds unenthusiastic and small very has Hillary Crooked that is Word
better! much do will they politics of puppets the with meet to them for better Much Koch. David and Charles with meeting a down turned I
ratings won Republican's - speeches our made I and Hillary Crooked when Thursdays" "Big two the on that report to want media the doesn't Why
https://t.co/xyoPFJmByp #CrookedHillary
disaster! for formula A hikes. tax massive wants and borders open supports crime on soft is Clinton Hillary Crooked
priorities. top my of one be will reduction Crime it. ignored convention DNC the yet States United the across rising is crime Violent
https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k goal! end-of-month million-dollar our hit we if campaign our to check MILLION $2 a write will I
crowds! Big incredible. was rallies two at enthusiasm and love The Colorado. from back got Just
https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw https://t.co/28G3RVbFsnReno: City: Mon!Carson on Nevada in @Mike_Pence join also can you - PA &amp; OH in am I While
https://t.co/VmSLBvL43l PA: in https://t.co/DDg0AUsqRq7pm OH: in #MAGA3pm Pennsylvania! Harrisburg &amp; Ohio Columbus in Monday me Join
https://t.co/yI4Q8FHRjp Dream!' 'American the back bring will WE 51yrs. in rate lowest - 62.9% was 2016 Q2 in rate homeownership American
not. does Clinton Hillary Crooked - change want I years. 70 last the in unemployment long-term worst the through suffering are We
votes. of millions away driving are ties Street Wall &amp; support NAFTA/TPP wars foreign Her supporters. Bernie over win never can Hillary
country. whole the and Colorado to jobs great bring will reforms energy and trade tax Our support. much So yesterday! amazing was Colorado
https://t.co/1KHrLdkOyW #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Colorado! Denver you Thank
Unacceptable! Bernie. w/ time last as Same games. NFL major against up are 2 so debates the rig to trying are Dems the &amp; Hillary usual As
https://t.co/CKXkAlGSiV Application Job #CrookedHillary
insticts. &amp; judgement bad extraordinarily with cannon lose a is she that in briefings security national given be not should Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/glxTQYAQiN #LESM Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain in officers enforcement law amazing the to you Thank
https://t.co/wK02fWzJey November! in #TrumpPence16 VOTE &amp; out Get Springs. Colorado you Thank
https://t.co/6a7Ef12giZ goal." this achieve will House White the in figure Trump-like a or Reagan a "Only
https://t.co/LPk1OkwH9P SAD! lies the of tired is Bill Even
https://t.co/aE5P9jNcFC https://t.co/HgFW7IRtz9Denver: Springs: 7pm!Colorado at tonight Denver in or 2pm- at Springs Colorado in me Join
https://t.co/VgMaAsZBep Clinton. Hillary Crooked of thinks really Sanders Bernie What
change! needs country our stuff old Same speak. Hillary Crooked watching am I
pick! V.P. out them sold She Hillary. Crooked support NEVER will they that supporters Bernie more and more from hearing is campaign my Wow
https://t.co/WdHbnhhCbW #TrumpPence16 worse. get things - America Clinton's Hillary In
deal! that make didn't he wishes He speech. Crooked's during looking angry very was Sanders Bernie that mention didn't media dishonest The
https://t.co/Pw7GS8R9Gg https://t.co/5gDeluaBXG https://t.co/nmlRJqzA7SInstagram: Facebook: you! Thank
her! beating am and people 16 beat just ReallyI campaign." political a of tumble and rough the handle "couldn't I that said Hillary Crooked
#NeverHillary town! of out him run would they - vote the of 10% get wouldn't he York New of Mayor for again ran Bloomberg Michael If
disaster! a was Mayor as term last His me. about nothing knows president for run to guts the had never who Bloomberg Michael "Little"
#NeverHillary BAD = record His ISIS. against fight his in badly failed night last me against spoke but met never I who Allen John General
fabrications! and lies were statements her of Many speech. boring very and long very her in times 22 me mentioned Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/DvP8p7ueNU Tickets: 7pm. at tonight Ohio- Northwestern of University the at @mike_pence Join
https://t.co/RNW3ED2ifR STATEMENT: CAMPAIGN
ORDER! AND LAW want People worse. getting only is It dead. one Diego San in shot just policemen Two
scream! average very her in country our of problems many the mention to "forgot" and me about facts up made Clinton Hillary Crooked
SAD! = @Morning_Joe watched little the and @CNN joke. a is Convention and speech Clinton average very the of morning this coverage media The
goes. she wherever her follows devastation and corruption - Clinton Hillary than judgement worse has one No
world. the across ISIS and terrorism destruction unleashed have East Middle the in wars Hillary's
safety. no jobs no power no have people working where world borderless a is vision Hillary's
Street! Wall by owned is She Street. Wall reform never will Hillary
words. the say to herself bring even cannot Clinton Hillary and Islam Radical by threat under is life of way Our
country. the lead to unfit is she that proof more is refugees in increase 550% a pushes she as Islam Radical mention to refusal Hillary's
https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k goal! end-of-month million-dollar our hit we if campaign our to check MILLION $1 a write again once will I
https://t.co/ezrqVqPtta MOVEMENT! a is This Iowa. Rapids Cedar you thank - now Departing
https://t.co/CgHp1CqPSp goal! end-of-month million-dollar our hit we if campaign our to check MILLION $1 a write again once will I
https://t.co/JeXFnO6e3s #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/aE4cuEQBFQhttps://t.co/hjYzQvwMaC people! American the YOU to answer only and system rigged this fix WILL I President As
win"https://t.co/X3xHtjhHpB potential Trump's underestimate to not warn "Dems
https://t.co/A5IF0QHnic #MAGA winter. past this Davenport- in me joining @JerryJrFalwell with #TBT Iowa! in back be to Great
Clinton. under down further go only will It office. took Obama since class middle the for down is income household Median
refugees. of influx massive and regulation radical taxes high NAFTA TPP for vote a is Clinton-Kaine for vote A
FUTUREhttps://t.co/xymiA0Az7x AMERICA'S
https://t.co/xtcOnA8cw1 caved! Bernie
#DNC direction. wrong the in going is country our think people the of 70% exist. doesn’t that world a about night last spoke Obama President
despair. and violence poverty in living people wonderful of millions the to already' 'great feel not does country Our
officers! enforcement law great our protect and order and law restore must We year. this 78% up officers police of deaths Shooting
Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ruEvMGx4C9 Toledo in live me Join
https://t.co/lwi9gqDEHE #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/bbroAGTdMw https://t.co/bbv3EhGs5x Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you Thank
https://t.co/rSEcsjiNFbhttps://t.co/ybFOV3gh0l most. it need who Americans for up wages get and back jobs bring will I President As
https://t.co/UEZorOQhTw #MAGA officers! enforcement law amazing our to you Thank
far"https://t.co/1noCe9W6Ru so 51152 double to set border crossing families Illegal right: "Trump
https://t.co/mXovx0TLPC you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain thank - poll new Great
FBI! the with them share should they perhaps emails deleted illegally 33000 Clinton's Hillary has person or country other any or Russia If
https://t.co/LKc7e4VZkB https://t.co/daR2xIhCEsWI: Thursday!MI: Michigan &amp; tonight Wisconsin in @Mike_Pence President Vice next our Join
Pathetic one. small a complaining-then started people until Convention National Democratic the at stage massive the on flag American one Not
Cruz! Ted was that Joe Sorry enemy. the bomb" "carpet to wanted I that stated just Biden Joe President Vice bright very not Our
NO! massive. is danger The about. nothing or little know we that immigrants Syrian with country our flood to wants Clinton Hillary Crooked
tough! Get rationally. thinking start to people causing is priest French beloved a of ISIS by killing vicious and violent the Hopefully
SAD! - recognition No country. our of professionals enforcement law and police great the to respect ZERO paid has Convention Democratic The
1st! America genius." a is "Trump said Putin because me for working is Russia that narrative Dems pushing is @nytimes failing the how Funny
adv. top contrary: the to statements her despite election the after TPP killing job the approve will Hillary Crooked saying been have I As
https://t.co/eoNTWK6I8y TPP. the on you betray will Clinton Hillary Crooked beginning the from warned have I like Just
sleep? to go and home go Bernie Did arena. the left have supporters Bernie's of Many
Convention! Democratic the than set) beautiful more much a (with interesting more far was Convention Republican the but it say to hate I
overrated! Highly incredible. be to it exclaim will media phony the it says he well how matter no and says Clinton Bill what matter No
@megynkelly thanks. - straight facts your get Please thing). good (a ISIS does neither and is ISIS on strategy my what idea no have You
https://t.co/CWfECeUSSq Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I you! with I'm
https://t.co/LwxMIAn0kK Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I you! with I'm
https://t.co/ajAJ13xQvr Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I you! with I’m
Russia. in investments ZERO have I record the For
Crazy! Trump. with dealing Russia is it maybe said Dems the disaster Wikileakes the of stupidity and horror the deflect and try to order In
here. come to them for easier it make plans refugee her &amp; ISIS unleashed interventions foreign Hillary's b/c ISIS talk to want don't Dems
bed! to home go and down shut to wants just he exhausted Bernie's
liar! a and incompetent both be to her proven has it that in Hillary Crooked for thing bad very a be to proven has email of invention The
https://t.co/KRCdV77BQp #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire! New you Thank
https://t.co/zmGZauCnQF https://t.co/ERNRrksikq #MAGATickets: #TrumpPence16 8pm! at night tomorrow Ohio- Toledo in us Join
https://t.co/7zMKhhMmhp https://t.co/4FTydj8s9U Tickets: #MAGA 3pm!#TrumpPence16 at Pennsylvania Scranton in tomorrow us Join
watch. to Sad night! last bombed Pocahontas
great was Convention Republican The order. and law and police borders broken deals trade bad ISIS about speaking Democrats the aren't Why
difference a What fawning. are they two other the to listen you If day. good a have not did Democrats the @FoxNews to listen you if Funny
time. of Waste it! for show to nothing and money and energy work that of All Clinton. Hillary Crooked to out sold totally Sanders Bernie
hated! always she who Hillary Crooked about glowingly spoke and me misrepresented just Pocahontas as to referred often Warren Elizabeth
jobs. our back bring and system rigged our fix to want who voters all welcome We revolution. his abandon Sanders Bernie watch to Sad
himself. about knows he than Cory about more know I future! no have they Party Democratic the of future the is Booker Cory If
air! on trashes then He fine. said I me. with taken pictures have could he if asked He passing. in Williams Juan met and @FoxNews at was I
joke! a V.P. The money. and energy time the of all for NOTHING got He fold. complete a such done has Sanders Bernie that believe to Hard
workers. our for future better a want who voters all welcome we people the for fight his on up given totally has Bernie While
War. Iraq backed and Street Wall of pocket in is TPP supports Kaine voters. Bernie betrayed Clinton
https://t.co/WPMBkYjuIm #TrumpPence16https://t.co/NOF9Td9BHs OHIO! you Thank
https://t.co/HwqI2iGPDu #TrumpPence16https://t.co/rwxXhfFsn1 soon! back be Virginia- Roanoke you Thank
https://t.co/cptBaZbV1v #TrumpPence16https://t.co/4O4yjh7X4O AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/3ji7a14GSw https://t.co/EXsoUOsEP4 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MAGA worse. even be would Hillary Crooked and Obama of years four another want don't People over. all out coming are numbers POLL Great
CHANGE! for vote will they that Schultz Wasserman Debbie and Clinton Hillary Crooked of antics the by embarrassed so is Florida of State The
spinnnn! good a find will media dishonest the not fear But mess. total Dems the to compared smoothly so went Convention Republican the Wow
chance! a had never B in was fix the knew Hillary Crooked believe). you (can yet e-mails and scandal Clinton another with again go we Here
Bernie. at laughed They all! that's caught got just they - DNC the at doing was "servant" her that everything knew Clinton Hillary Crooked
same. the be never will legacy his then done and exhausted look to continues e-mails released just the seeing after Sanders Bernie If
https://t.co/Pzs9uwgzam #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! Thank
happened! have could thing a such that bad so judgement with one only the is she because scandal e-mail the in involved was Hillary
Bernie! against religion even using e-mails dumb really those writing in DNC in people the by display on was JUDGEMENT BAD much How
me likes Putin because (stupid) written been have never should which e-mails DNC disastrous the leaked Russia that is town in joke new The
laughing! others all &amp; ISIS problems. America's fix to going are they way No Minutes. 60 on Kaine Tim and Clinton Hillary Crooked Watched
you! Thank great. speech my night final the for but good very were Convention National Republican the for ratings The
out! she's victory Hillary Crooked a to way her cheating and stealing after that angry is Schultz Wasserman Debbie neurotic highly The
well! &amp; alive is system rigged the say E-mails doing! are they great how say will media biased the but meltdown total a in are Democrats The
hook! the off Hillary Crooked let will supporters his that believe don't I strength his and energy his lost has Sanders Bernie though Even
out flamed Bernie bad Too DWS. top the over her pushed that system rigged her in person the to loyal all at not was Clinton Hillary Crooked
wild go would media (Bernie) player. big a of down beat the and boss of resignation e-mails with up blown had Convention Republican the If
CNN! watch Don't higher. much are ratings the and better much so is @FoxNews Trump. against all almost sided one so are panels @CNN The
left! energy no exhausted is Bernie and up cracking is Convention Dems The overrated. was Schultz Wasserman Debbie that said always I
(@DWStweets.) Shultz Wasserman Debbie not one smart the and one tough the is Priebus @Reince that known always have I what proves Today
SAD! disrespect. DNC and e-mails new the dismiss to trying is He longer. any on go can't just exhausted is Sanders Bernie but folks Sorry
end! to all it figurewants pathetic somewhat and weak a be to out turning is He revolution." "political Sanders Bernie a longer no is There
Delegates. Super the for not were it if nomination Democratic the won have would Sanders Bernie that showed analysis An
opposite! for stands Kaine time. of waste total a was TEARS AND SWEAT BLOOD their not If fight. will people Bernie the like Looks
else! everybody president-like by badly treated probably Was me. for voting is he that announced just Malik brother Obama's President Wow
DISRESPECT TOTAL movement! a for much So weak. really ending is V.P. for Kaine of selection the with but strong off started Sanders Bernie
H! by JUDGEMENT BAD of case another Just supporters. his of all and Sanders Bernie to disrespectful VERY is choice V.P. Hillary Crooked The
https://t.co/gCzHX1nyxD #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16
heart! the From night. Thursday on speech my of reviews wonderful the for everyone to you Thank
fraud! a is he unless her support to him for impossible it make will it that Sanders to bad so was today release e-mail Wikileaks The
me! to presidential look don't They drooling. are enemies other our and ISIS together. Kaine Tim and Hillary Crooked saw Just
jobs! killed Clinton years. twenty almost in increase wage real a had haven't People up. wages get and back jobs bring will I
killer! Job approved. it get to hard pushing been has and Partnership Pacific Trans the praising been has Kaine Tim
back! jobs bring will I jobs. many so killed her and husband her where Pennsylvania in convention their have would Democrats the that Funny
NAFTA. signed Husband miners. and steelworkers Against Pennsylvania. in manufacturing and jobs destroyed has Clinton Hillary Crooked
RIGGED vicious. really Wikileakes from On-line more. much and heritage his Mock Sanders. Bernie destroy to plans show DNC of e-mails Leaked
her! hates Hillary Crooked Also Senate. the in nothing done has she because chosen wasn't but badly so slot V.P. wanted Pocahontas
nothing! for fought Bernie choice. last their was outraged are supporters Bernie banks. the by owned been has always and is Kaine Tim
fight? Philly for. stands Bernie what of opposite the represents who Kaine Tim of choice the with furious are supporters Sanders Bernie The
Islam. radical defeat to How Flynn. Michael General by - FIGHT OF FIELD THE - book out just the recommend highly I
did? M Bob while indicted get didn't and Virginia of Governor while gifts in dollars of thousands of hundreds took that Kaine same the it Is
Munich. of people the bless God killed. Many Germany. in time this attack Another
@KarlRove ratings! T.V. Big unity! Great conventions. of history the in set &amp; stage incredible the including produced best the of One
times! many back be will and you love We Cleveland. you Thank
fantastic! were Service Secret and police The all. and RNC the by done job great the of proud So Cleveland. in days four great a What
#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/KH2ZFHUHGP AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/E6ZtVjSQZa #TrumpPence16 NOMINATION! THE OF ACCEPTANCE FORMAL
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpIsWithYou #RNCinCLE https://t.co/yqcIsBUdAi podium! the from live video 360 watch can You
https://t.co/bdox6JcrAp #RNCinCLE MOVEMENT! a is This
https://t.co/FhWHekyU4Q https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6 Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I you! with I’m
https://t.co/SQs6ERk6El https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6 Again! Great America Make down. you let never and hard work will I you! with I’m
https://t.co/gobSNWughP #TrumpPence2016 #RNCinCLE you! of Proud @DonaldJTrumpJr. you Thank
https://t.co/8E0LiC8wYE https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW MIDNIGHT! by supporters grassroots our from million $4 raise goal: new a set just We’ve
https://t.co/9Hd6dRcojF https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW MIDNIGHT! by supporters grassroots our from million $4 raise goal: new a set just We’ve
#RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/swsAKE11F0 @IvankaTrump! job Great
arena! the in love Great united. VERY is party the losses embarrassing and massive suffered have who people of group small a than Other
https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx now! Shop gear! Trump OFFICIAL your get to opportunity Limited
all! us destroy will appointed JUSTICES new the Presidency the win Dems the if that say doesn't but Constitution the about talks Cruz Ted
tonight! me intros Ivanka incredible. were pressure enormous under speeches their - Tiffany and Eric Don children my of proud soooo am I
https://t.co/S7IHXDrmsJ #RNCinCLE you!#AmericaFirst of Proud @EricTrump! job Great
https://t.co/qL9rjb7OsD AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
electric! totally packed was Arena
V.P. great a be Will tonight. fantastic was .@mike_pence
https://t.co/TZT3XcKp1c #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE Gov. America of States United the of President Vice next Our
deal! big No anyway. speak him let but early hours two speech his saw I pledge! the honor didn't stage the off booed got Cruz Ted Wow
https://t.co/946U6bgREQ #RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/EE7C6XKDkt #AmericaFirst you! of Proud @EricTrump! job Great
https://t.co/ssNVgF7PTt https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx now! Shop gear! Trump OFFICIAL your get to opportunity Limited
https://t.co/KSAv65FuiD https://t.co/LQMDdNkUwR now! Shop gear! Trump OFFICIAL your get to opportunity Limited
https://t.co/k2Poy3gGvQ #RNCinCLE #AmericaFirst @ScottWalker! you Thank
Again! Great America Make will We updates! @realDonaldTrump exclusive for #TextTrump88022
speech! Great support. warm such for @ScottWalker Governor to you Thank
https://t.co/cv3I3xRSOK #AmericaFirst @IngrahamAngle! you Thank
https://t.co/PvdTA8HTCC #RNCinCLE #AmericaFirst
#RNCinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst the Watching
days! two great a be will - Cleveland in arrived Just V.P. be to me by asked never was Kasich John
https://t.co/2KjT4TJ07Y https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW us! with stand Please tonight. goal fundraising million $2 a announced just we’ve URGENT:
SPEECHhttps://t.co/uzBOm21Pug MELANIA ON STATEMENT
emails. Hillary's on spent FBI the than speech Melania's of analysis forensic a doing time more spending is media The
press! good is press all that believe you if especially politics of history the in any than publicity more got speech Melania's is news Good
Jobs! state. another to going of instead Cleveland picked Republicans the that remember will Ohio of people the think I November In
years. past in than More arena. the in energy and excitement the explaining in nice very was @FoxNews of Hemmer Bill
you! of proud very am I night. last job fantastic a done having on Tiffany and Don children my to Congratulations
FIRST! AMERICA down! you let never and hard work will I States. United the of President for Nominee Republican the be to honor great a Such
exciting! Very Convention. National Republican the at beginning is CALL ROLL The
https://t.co/mYBjp03XYf https://t.co/bsUp4MSysD #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence16 #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
https://t.co/5Kv03luMZW https://t.co/xlB2C1cpKp #RNCinCLE #MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16
#GOPConvention proud! Very incredible. absolutely were demeanor and speech Her Melania. wife my introduce to honor an truly was It
#RNCinCLE great! do will she in- Tune #GOPConvention. the at speech Melania's to prior @FoxNews- 8:30pm at tonight @OreillyFactor on be Will
https://t.co/Kvq6r6WkQ1 https://t.co/QniZIsGrG8 #RNCinCLE #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention
exciting! and fair very been have @CNN ratings low than other Networks
Again! Great America Make want: MAJORITY VAST Trump! for is speaker podium a when panels one-sided dumb their to go worst.They the is .@CNN
beautiful! looks Place Melania. wife my including speakers wonderful the of all watch to tonight convention the at being to forward Looking
https://t.co/iFdqRvaL3q https://t.co/TNJMUKImpK #MakeAmericaSafeAgain soon! you See Ohio! County Mahoning you Thank
worse! get only will it and scene crime divided a is country Our clue. a have doesn't he but conference news a had just Obama President
tough! looking not are we smart looking not are we good looking not are We watching. are enemies our and divided totally is country Our
USA! divided for times Bad subjects! other many and ORDER AND LAW about talking Pence Mike with P.M. 7:00 at tonight @60Minutes on be will I
watching is world The control. of out and divided is country Our police. our killing are people own our now and ISIS fight to TRYING are We
to...https://t.co/pPNrzG8kEa have people and enforcement law many How today. Rouge Baton in killed officers the for grieve We
like don't people and Network News Clinton the is CNN because That's close. even not - @CNN of ratings the away blow @FoxNews at ratings The
watch. don't I Hillary! Crooked for stacked are Guests negative. all is which @CNN than truthful more far and better much is .@FoxNews
H her Pick today. nothing be would she American) Native (being heritage her about lie didn't Senator weak very a Warren Elizabeth Goofy If
fraud! her litigate can we Then V.P. her as Pocahontas as to referred sometimes Warren Elizabeth Goofy picks Hillary Crooked that hope I
judgement! bad has she said Bernie made. has she decisions bad the of all at look experience has Hillary Crooked that matter doesn't It
decisions! bad into Obama led Clinton Hillary Crooked - in is world) (and country our mess total a what see we by go weeks and days the As
Again! Great America Make will We country. our for results special to lead Will Cleveland. in time great a have to going are We
over it's con the Without fraud. a not is she prove must Senate U.S. the in Senator productive least the be may who Warren Elizabeth Goofy
JOB! GREAT Virginia. in supporters and friends my of all and Kraft Ann Cheryl Neo Tamara Morgan Jack to you Thank
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE forget. never will I amazing. been has support Your - Trump for Bikers and Cox Chris to you Thank
https://t.co/0fmgNBuAcc https://t.co/swzCe5PiNI Clinton! Hillary Crooked Stop Help Can You Again! Great America Make Help To Today Donate
https://t.co/mBDwW5orrd https://t.co/VlObaDG4eR Clinton! Hillary Crooked Stop Help Can You Again! Great America Make Help To Today Donate
https://t.co/RHprMCsGT6 #TrumpPence16 you! Thank
tubes! the down country our sell will She interests. special and lobbyists Street Wall by for paid and bought is Clinton Hillary Crooked
money! phony her with ads vicious and false such out put can Clinton Hillary Crooked mistakes many so made has who person a that sad Very
happening! what's Look policy. foreign on DISASTER a been has lies e-mail her with country the and herself embarrassed who Hillary Crooked
done have policies her what look yet experience policy foreign have don't I saying ads on money Street Wall big spending is Hillary Crooked
start! from choice first My Indiana). of State great the in job spectacular a done has (who Pence Mike Governor introducing to forward Look
City. York New in tomorrow introduction V.P. Pence Mike Governor to forward Look
A.M. 11:00 at tomorrow conference News mate. running Presidential Vice my as Pence Mike Governor chosen have I that announce to pleased am I
Hillary! &amp; O with world the to happened has what Look acceptable. not is Administration Hillary Crooked a with weakness of years more Four
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE 87-12. of vote a by Committee Rules at Cleveland in night last crushed were They more. never is #NeverTrump
way! every in you with are We France. Nice in tragedy terrible the of families and victims the to condolences and prayers My
announcement. Presidential Vice my concerning conference news tomorrow's postponed have I France Nice in attack horrible the of light In
worse. getting only is It learn? we will When injured. and dead Many France. Nice in time this attack horrific Another
NAFTA. with did husband her like just out us sell will Hillary Crooked JOBS! JOBS JOBS - Virginia of State the in people many employ I
https://t.co/miT4atHxQz https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW #ImWithYou today! MOVEMENT the Join support! your for you Thank poll. new Another
https://t.co/aVH9c5QRwc #ImWithYou America!#Trump2016 you thank poll- new Great
follow. to Details Manhattan. in 11am at Friday on pick Presidential Vice my of announcement the making be will I
opinions! legal real and judges real with Ginsburg Justice swamp will we Presidency the win I If
thinking? she was What breach. legal and ethical her for Ginsburg Justice condemned Boards Editorial @WashingtonPost and @NYTimes the Even
judge! incompetent an by mistake Big misconduct? her for me to apologize to going Ginsburg Bader Ruth Justice Court Supreme Is
others. helping also and myself lot a spending am I Party. Republican the for money raise to Diego San to way my On
activity. fraudulent other her and lies email her like just true- not are ads negative Hillary's Crooked that understand Voters
Sad!! impact. ZERO Having @QuinnipiacPoll. nationwide in flat falls #CrookedHillary alone ads TV on day a $500k spending Despite
https://t.co/teoVCYXKOR common. in thing one have all stories email Hillary's Crooked Lyin'
know! me let and it about Think moves? bad his all with Israel destroy to trying Obama President Is
time! all of pro-Israel most is platform Republican The
AGAIN! SAFE AMERICA MAKE and wall the build will We wall. border the supports that language includes now platform GOP New
https://t.co/BcoPrwqFMe yet! started haven't I Pennsylvania. &amp; Ohio Florida in 1 to 31 combined a by me outspending is #CrookedHillary
https://t.co/M1yzgyeEdY #ImWithYou qualified. not is #CrookedHillary Pennsylvania! and Ohio Florida you Thank
https://t.co/6XkUQ0W4QS #ImWithYou you! Thank
resign! - shot is mind Her me. about statements political dumb very making by all embarrassed has Court Supreme U.S. the of Ginsburg Justice
https://t.co/Jmkah9wGaA #Trump2016 INDIANA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/PE1jdqZysc https://t.co/gva0MbgnuO #ImWithYou soon!#Trump2016 you see Iowa- you Thank
Enjoy! 8pm. at @FoxNews on tonight @oreillyfactor by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/lTjLVKkzh1 #CrookedHillary! for pass free No agree. people American The
first. People arms. open with you welcome we interests special global &amp; deals trade bad stop to want who voters Bernie the all To
Clinton. Hillary Crooked Street pro-Wall pro-TPP pro-war endorsing by supporters his abandoned has sanders Bernie
Sachs. Goldman endorsing Street Wall Occupy like is Clinton Hillary Crooked endorsing Sanders Bernie
qualified!https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O not is #CrookedHillary
out! selling is he that happy not are They supporters. his and himself to true not was Sanders Bernie that surprised somewhat am I
angry! fans - today her endorse will He Clinton. Hillary Crooked to out sold totally has leverage his of most lost has who Sanders Bernie
#ImWithYou everyone. for again safe America make will I violence. &amp; crime chaos or - safety &amp; order law between choice a is election This
need. in those for protection and safety jobs deliver to going am I behind. left been have cities inner our years many too For
good! Not cities. inner our and Chicago in on going is what Look worse. getting rapidly and control of out is Crime
https://t.co/roVn7pAVfy #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/lb5ViCDH0g #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
argued..https://t.co/qVwfjgCHU7 had who delegates campaign Trump of favor in ruled today Payne E. Robert Judge District States United Senior
Reform:https://t.co/XB7RMwesMK Veterans' on Speech
https://t.co/4FuPpL5WOM you! Thank Florida! poll- Great
Michigan. Joseph St. in Courthouse County Berrien the at everyone with along families- their and victims the with prayers and Thoughts
https://t.co/Rq6YRHlpib https://t.co/Jj9TmSEoOd Tickets: #Trump2016 7:30pm! at night tomorrow Indiana- Westfield in me Join
network! dead - watching are people few Happily lies. of hour one was Politics Inside on @CNN of King John underachieving the that heard I
stupid! is public the think foolish.They or bad sound it make to it turn and it twist they statement a make I If dishonest. so is media The
believe! make the of world a in living is He think. people as divided as not is nation the thinks Obama President
nation! divided a are We Clinton. Hillary Crooked like people and Obama of leadership WEAK the under country our to happening is what Look
https://t.co/WmqvcYG4r3 #Trump2016https://t.co/Mi87Vmw06H you! thank - poll New
you! of Proud champion. true a are you - @serenawilliams go to Way
https://t.co/P0GleHEmJy AGAIN!https://t.co/m0AJWlV8nm SAFE AMERICA MAKE
@CNN? on lies email her about questions softball answering is Clinton Hillary tragedy national of day a on that sad it Isn't
Miami. in today opportunity- economic on speech my postpone to decided have I country our in place taking events horrific the to Due
officers...https://t.co/mwzYU98yTt enforcement law Dallas 12 of shootings execution-style horrific night's Last
country our in place take watching all are we horrors the by devastated thoroughly so are who families the of all to condolences and Prayers
Hillary. Crooked Lyin' called be officially can Hillary Crooked today After
https://t.co/PPsyxGPdFc #Trump2016 @PRyan!#AmericaFirst Speaker you Thank
https://t.co/fxlVgfAA1l #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/zkmPywMDxg #Trump2016 Collins! Rep. you Thank
country! our love who people are These day! interesting Very Senate. and House the in Republicans with meetings great Had D.C. leaving Just
https://t.co/sryJgRyd56 #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 now. D.C. Washington to Off you! thank night- last Ohio Cincinnati in being Great
https://t.co/4LJBpSm8xa #Frozen media! Dishonest also? David' of 'Star the this Is book? Disney this for outrage the is Where
https://t.co/Xv8Q1GuWiH Hillary. Crooked beat must We campaign. the to can you whatever contribute please followers twitter my of all To
live. we which under system rigged the and Hillary Crooked to devoted be today Let tomorrow. released be to schedule speaker Convention
@NBCPolitics @MarkHalperin Eyes Sleepy out it Check Clinton. Hillary Crooked re media social on hits million seven over have I
N.C. in speech ovation standing my watched have not could again.He it at is politics for touch little so with man a Todd Chuck eyes Sleepy
City. Atlantic to happened what Council City Democrat the Ask follow. to Others A.C. in bankrupt is Caesars great once the Even
City destroyed and - Airport Center Convention - moves wrong the all made City Atlantic in pols Democrat the why ask should Clinton Hillary
bankruptcies. many now mistakes big made Pols know). all (as timing great ago years 7 left and City Atlantic in money of lot a made I
come! will time her watch But guilty. sooooo is She country. our of people the to and FBI the to lied Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/8CBSfNpl2l but...https://t.co/KO64IAMDgj charges criminal escape Clinton Hillary helped have may system rigged The
judgement. bad very of and incompetent dishonest is who person a be to proven been again once has Hillary Crooked
fit! Not information." classified highly sensitive very of handling their in careless extremely "were team her and Clinton Hillary Crooked
JUDGEMENT! BAD strong. are opponents her and weak is temperament Her U.S. the of President as serve to unfit is Clinton Hillary Crooked
out! she's 8 November Come "murder." with away get to Hillary Crooked allowed that system rigged the forget will voters the think don't I
Win support! of Lots morning. the in announced are figures the when gasp big a be will There Party. Republican the for money of lot a Raised
Enjoy! 11pm. at @FoxNews on tonight @oreillyfactor by interviewed be will I
Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 10pm at tonight @SeanHannity by interviewed be will @EricTrump son My
today. together Carolina North to traveling be will We while. little a in @SenBobCorker with meeting to forward Looking
#RiggedSystem Wow! charges. No security. national our compromised Hillary Crooked said director FBI
judgment. bad usual As unfair! very Very less. far for trouble in got Petraeus General rigged. is system The
again! her see Will U.S. and Iowa of people the for job fantastic a done has She yesterday. @joniernst with time spending great was It
disgrace! total A Hillary. Crooked and Obama President by trail campaign the on One Force Air of use the for fortune a paying are Taxpayers
enjoy! you Hope Trumps" the Meet "Special: P.M. 7:00 at @FoxNews On
pays? Who tomorrow. him with flying is She Hillary? Crooked with trail campaign the on One Force Air use to allowed Obama President is Why
ISLAM! RADICAL - is it what it call even won't fools correct Politically worse. get only will attacks terrorist the Obama and Hillary With
e-mails? missing 33000 the are Where corrupt! and rigged totally is system the but hell" as "guilty is Clinton Hillary Crooked
asked! been not have who people the are pick V.P. the being in interested not are who people only The
Iowa! of Senator as job great a done has She Jersey. New in today @joniernst meeting to forward look I
people! great impressed Very yesterday. family and Pence Mike Governor Indiana with time Spent
solid! was result end the Todd Chuck by interview one-sided totally a Despite yesterday. Press the Meet on great was Cotton Tom Senator
star! plain or Star Sheriff's a than rather David of Star the as tweet a in star a depict to best absolute their trying is media Dishonest
https://t.co/YhHyQjwJW6 https://t.co/Ndb3AQrLtY #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 July! of 4th Happy
change! need We forever. on go just will it - ISIS of danger and complexities the handle to able be NEVER will Hillary Crooked
this! stop can that leadership have not do We years. many in worst Baghdad in dead 200 ISIS. by days in (slaughter) attack mass third The
killed! were 20 Koran. the from verse a cite to unable were they if terrorists ISIS by killed immediately were hostages Bangladesh In
caught! got he that except H with trouble in not is Bill So U.S.A.G. the with meeting the have to Bill sent Hillary Crooked that believe I
pictures." no away "go shouting FBI with heightened was plane closed of back in U.S.A.G. the and Clinton Bill between meeting SECRET The
tarmac? on plane in minutes 37 for golf and "grandkids" about only talked U.S.A.G. the and Clinton Bill that believe really anybody Does
RIGGED!" IS SYSTEM "THE
evil! over triumph can good that belief his and him of because place better a is world away.The passed Wiesel Elie man great a Saturday On
corrupt! &amp; rigged totally is system The deal. a out work to U.S.A.G. the with meet to wanted husband her that knew Clinton Hillary Crooked
know. not did Hillary Crooked that or arranged not was U.S.A.G. the and Clinton Bill between meeting the that believe would fool a Only
it! get people news-the good me.The against is show entire the and Todd Chuck me against biased totally how and @meetthepress watched Just
rigged! totally is system the said I Like Clinton. Hillary Crooked against brought be will charges no sources-that announced-by just was It
stupid! was did Bill What wrong! was did she What Clinton. Hillary against charges criminal recommend to not FBI the for impossible is It
https://t.co/SLdqNhD4Tm #ImWithYou @greta. you Thank
https://t.co/a6f6xZNrym #LeadRight2016 support!#AmericaFirst your for you Thank
https://t.co/MYG45LxGmH #AmericaFirst you! Thank
https://t.co/97R0cQdnGI #AmericaFirst ignoring! be not will they POTUS- next the become I If
https://t.co/PKQhYhMmIX #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou History! Makes -- Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/sqe12D0MBJ upon. infringed be not shall Arms bear &amp; keep to people the of right The clear. is Constitution our to #2A The
https://t.co/iEcnnlJ728 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
release Wednesday - speak to want that those of list waiting long a with filled totally are Convention Republican the at slots speakers The
sick! are people These lie. total a - Cleveland" in held be to had event "the aware not was I that @nytimes failing the in read Just
https://t.co/Vd2A747L29 #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou AGAIN! SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We it. fix can't you -- it see or - it say can't you When
crowd! Amazing Colorado. from returned Just
https://t.co/QDQhRRuBbG https://t.co/lK3UW4fY2q #WCS16 #ImWithYou Colorado! in Summit Conservative Western the to me inviting for you Thank
https://t.co/ravfFT5UBE #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We support! your for you Thank
https://t.co/XDGKaj0ico #AmericaFirst here. been never have should Killer POTUS. elected I'm if happening be won't crimes These
while:https://t.co/Cv1HzKVbiT killed was terrorist Palestinian a by at shot father a -- Israel in today attack terrorist another Yet
https://t.co/zauQ6kb9Hj tough. get must We terrorist. Palestinian a by Israel in home her at girl American old year 13 a of killing Horrible
work! good the up Keep morning. this FOX on job great .@TraceAdkins
coincidence? a just was meeting that believe really anybody Does rigged. totally is system The Clinton. Bill w/ happened what at look a Take
reporter. local a by caught was he but it about know to was Nobody secret. total a was meeting Clinton's Bill
Hillary! by demanded and initiated probably was meeting Bill's judgement. bad has Clinton Hillary said Sanders Bernie As
#Trump2016https://t.co/gFtspBViXe #ThrowbackThursday
Enjoy! FOX! on 10pm at tonight @SeanHannity by interviewed be will I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to want I simple very is campaign primary successful my for million $50 approximately up put I reason The
loan! the terminated totally have I loan. million $50 approx. an with campaign primary winning my funded self have I
deal! Done campaign. my to loan million $50 my forgiven have I that fact the accept to refuses @NBCNews dishonest very The
https://t.co/mO9QrmYXRD America. out selling rich- got she how see wouldn't public the so was emails her hid Hillary reasons the of One
https://t.co/S80xxdeHfG them! destroy will She President? their as Hillary Crooked want graduates college would Why
#WakeUpAmerica read! must a and terrific absolutely is @ericbolling by book New
https://t.co/h0Av3TAIiM change. never will Hillary with story The
better. them making and renegotiating than rather deals trade bad our continue to wants @USChamber the explain can they only reasons For
special! so it making for everyone to you Thank Maine. and Massachusetts in day Tremendous
Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at @oreillyfactor on be will I
capable! Not will. never and it about nothing done she's watch- Clinton's Hillary on exploded ISIS
https://t.co/7LAPewxE05 https://t.co/y4n4nERPFr Center! Insurance Cross the at 4pmE me- Join today! Maine Bangor in be Will
https://t.co/dL5ahNcwZb #Trump2016 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE and deal- whole the win to going are we out- poll Q New
John. you Thank great! was He - @FoxNews on Barrasso John Senator watched Just
cheaters? for penalties want I that or deals trade stronger and better negotiate to want I that fact the by upset be USChamber the would Why
pacts trade terrible our with U.S. of advantage taking are others many and China worker. American the for harder fight must @USCHAMBER The
up! everything makes media The was. he if job good a do would he sure I'm though Convention the at speak to asked not was Tyson Mike Iron
States. United the outside terrorism horrible this keep to possible everything do must We
sad. So on? going is what realize ever world Willthe Turkey. in time this attack terrorist another Yet
judgment. bad with ill-fit is She country. our of future forthe catastrophic be would Presidency Clinton’s Hillary
Clinton. with to supposed it's way the work to seems justnever It failure. Clinton Hillary another just is Benghazi
#Trump2016 #CrookedHillary https://t.co/5mtwkOvQnd here: it Watch online! now is Hillary Crooked Lying on video 2nd - out it Check
anymore. it watch don't I me. to comes it when negative all is .@CNN
November watch wrong) was (Hillary Brexit called I light. negative a in story a report and with go only will They unrelenting. is media The
heritage. on lied who Warren Elizabeth goofy Senate U.S. the in senators productive least the of one out wheeling is Hillary Crooked
good. were polls Other polled. were Democrats more many that admit they Even disgrace. a is @washingtonpost @ABC by done poll "dirty" The
https://t.co/pr3BSHJSxL Own: Her Ignoring While - Donations Government Foreign Attacks Hillary Crooked
time of question a Only judgement. bad such and markets of sense no has She win. will LEAVE said I wrong. Brexit got Clinton Hillary Crooked
polls! in Close little. very spending am I fortune a spending is She quo! status old same the just agent change a not is Clinton Hillary
JOBS! and -- CHANGE for time is It win. not will Hillary Crooked like pols line old the them without and borders want country our in People
https://t.co/lfUdXYnsgJ Address: Election' The Of 'Stakes Trump From Clinton Hillary Crooked About Facts 50 Top
good! polls Other that? do they would why - dishonest Very Democrats. on heavy is sample poll @ABC The
son support to there Was lie! = did never I but shot hitting me Shows Turnberry. at golf playing me of ad major a took just Hillary Crooked
Disgraceful! ads. dollar big with BREXIT on call judgement bad her away wash to trying is Clinton
call. correct my on ad an on money Street Wall spending now is Obama) with (along wrong 100% BREXIT called who Clinton Hillary Crooked
calls bad many made Party.He's Republican the left has ago) long way his lost (who pundits political overrated most the of one Will George
budget! under - job great a did Eric son My magnificently. out came Turnberry Scotland. in stay night one a - York New in landed Just
President! am I when ends That jobs. their doing from BP and officers ICE blocked has Obama
land! the of laws the enforce must we but -- deportation' 'mass term media the liked never have I
#AmericaFirst values. our support and people our love who those admit to want only We
place. in is method vetting proven a until terrorism with linked regions from immigration suspend must We
https://t.co/hQ1JTMrUtG @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump yesterday! @TrumpTurnberry us joined &amp; out came who everyone to you Thank
https://t.co/7ii4KUfsab @DonaldJTrumpJr Kai! daughter grand my with @TrumpScotland box tee 13th the On
https://t.co/2GUKqOTHS5 Video: tonight. York New to Back @EricTrump. &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr with @TrumpScotland Arriving
action! no talk All U.K. the with deal to one the is she that says she now and incorrectly so BREXIT called Hillary Crooked funny So
#ImWithYou floods. devastating the with dealing Virginia- West in everyone with are prayers and Thoughts
back! country their want People U.S. the in happening is what with Britain Great in on going is what and BREXIT equating are people Many
today! conference news exciting Very BREXIT. for here was I timing Good success. big a was Scotland in Turnberry Trump of opening The
disaster a be would She lead. to her need we saying is she now and - Obama with went she - BREXIT on wrong totally it called Hillary Crooked
for...https://t.co/dpIDejXzJw prospects job undermines amnesty executive illegal Obama's President together. succeed to Americans all want I
settled..https://t.co/hMFyZc1kAM immigrants illegal &amp; legal new 3M than more shows Studies Immigration for Center the by data Government New
history. shared w/a people a as &amp; allies as friends as together stand We UK. ind &amp; free w/a shoulder-to-shoulder stand to proud is America
see. to world the all for right that exercised have UK the of people the and people's free all of right sacred the is Self-determination
vote. brilliant &amp; brave the to added when especially day great a What Scotland. in Turnberry magnificent the open to ready Getting
Membershiphttps://t.co/GwWRxT3BVp E.U. on Referendum British Regarding Statement
games! No back. America take will we like just back country their took They vote. the over wild going is Place Scotland. in arrived Just
kids! support Always Course. Ailsa great its and Turnberry rebuilding in done has he job fantastic the on Eric son my to Congratulations
night! Sat. on back be Will Resort. Turnberry great my of Opening Grand the at be to order in Scotland to trip night one a for now Leaving
https://t.co/NdGQI6Dnji Clinton. by supported policies to son her lost She speech. my during read I letter whose mother amazing the Meet
https://t.co/sb1Ag1Eb27 #imwithyou decision amnesty executive Court's Supreme the on here statement full my Read
https://t.co/pNSgSjD5gW anymore. much it watching not I’m credibility. all losing is Network News Clinton The lie. CNN another is Here
https://t.co/KR7OnS8h6s wrong. were they knew They apologize. should Clinton of favor in biased totally is which CNN
border. open an have we if people our support to resources the have never will We behind. left been have cities inner Our
Street. Wall with consulting is Clinton Hillary wage-earners. our officers&amp; immigration our with consulting I’m immigration On
immigration. illegal of victims the with meeting start &amp; interests special with meeting stop should Clinton &amp; Obama
#Imwithyou Americans. all for Again Safe country our make to going am I apart. families American tearing are borders open Clinton’s Hillary
workers. African-American &amp; Hispanic from jobs taking it expand to pledged has Hillary But now. amnesty--for exec from safe us kept has SC
https://t.co/YWd5lk5skG Families#CrookedHillary Benghazi to Lies Hillary
Trump J. Donald -- Obama." President with along made has Clinton Hillary decisions the of because today us threatens ISIS
Trump J. Donald -- presidency." the seek to ever person corrupt most the be may Clinton "Hillary
"disqualifying." been has conduct Clinton's appreciated. much Very endorsement. the for Rumsfeld Donald to you Thank
https://t.co/5EZ7X1ZZKh https://t.co/tan8BmAuR8 #Imwithyou
https://t.co/iY4K7Wcw3C #Imwithyou
#Imwithyou globalism. corrupt her and Americanism between choice a It's change. to have they say I change. can't things says Hillary
economy! the and jobs for disaster a be will She belief! beyond taxes raising be will she that say to refuses Hillary Crooked
ET 7pm @FoxBusiness on tonight @LouDobbs by interviewed be will I
dishonest. dangerous Corrupt rich! herself get to fund hedge personal a as it used She State. of Secy as America defrauded Hillary
Stevens. Ambassador of family the ask judgment &amp; honesty Clinton's Hillary about know to want you If
gays. murder and women enslave that regimes for favors did and money took Hillary
U.S. fix will debt of off fortune a made I country. the for bad is but businessman a as me for great been has debt."That of king "the am I
https://t.co/1COtt0RPY7 bankrupted… have They $20T. nearly into it turned and debt in $10T inherited Obama-Clinton
safe. less everyone make and - Americans all for wages down drive will policies immigration borders open Clinton's Hillary
risk? at nation entire putting without emails send even can't she when economy the run Hillary can How
jobs. of millions Americans costing State of asSecretary 40% China with deficit trade the surged Clinton Hillary
economy. the wrecked and ISIS unleashed thousands killed has judgement Her right. She's judgment. about is election this says Hillary
Clinton. Hillary Crooked of judgment bad and policies failed the discuss to tomorrow speech big a making be will I
mess! a is which book new to according temperament a and judgement bad president-really our be to unfit totally is Clinton Hillary Crooked
employees or guards additional about talking obviously was I guns with people some had you club Orlando the within if that said I When
CHAMPION! true a are You Majors. many of First amazing. was pressure under reaction Your Dustin. you of proud so are We .@DJohnsonPGA
https://t.co/iFuf8MdTEH packed! was it fact in when speech my to prior room empty an shows fraudulently @NYTimes failing Yesterday's
dishonest! totally So packed? be to going was it knew they when started even speech my before hours room empty an show Times NY the can How
https://t.co/dIK3IyrYGC #Trump2016https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU Changer. Game a Is Speech Trump's Donald
https://t.co/W4z2eW5ay4 #Trump2016 Arizona! soon you See
https://t.co/QuTsSmeVdO #AmericaFirst you!#Trump2016 Thank Arizona! you love I
https://t.co/vN4K8FvQNT #AmericaFirst AGAIN!#Trump2016 SAFE AMERICA MAKE AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/m1EIra7YMU https://t.co/vhGwmhGCVR #AmericaFirst Nevada!#Trump2016 Vegas Las you Thank
speak! to ready getting Vegas Las In
https://t.co/hSaIurAfvD https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 4pm! at today Arizona Phoenix in me Join
https://t.co/593p8uRPhq #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Texas! Houston you Thank
https://t.co/TZf8uwQO4L #AmericaFirst you! Thank
https://t.co/NlF2Gcr915 amazing! be will Cleveland in convention The
https://t.co/uTCXPbWpve way! my on you- Thank
https://t.co/ORJyN4FsNI @DallasPD! you Thank
https://t.co/B51r30Mazd #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK #Trump2016 4pm! at tomorrow Arizona Phoenix in me Join
https://t.co/qp07UfnnjM #AmericaFirst YOU! THANK
AGAIN! SAFE AMERICA MAKE AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
Orlando follow will attacks More years! many in deficit trade Biggest SAFETY! and JOBS on Obama and Hillary Crooked with unhappy very People
Texas! of State great the over all Today before. ever than passion and spirit more - Dallas in night last crowd Amazing
https://t.co/2iYArmM7oN https://t.co/ui9tSfMcS8 Texas! Dallas you Thank
https://t.co/2ToWwthEeF AZ:https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK NVhttps://t.co/ksU8AGrFBSPhoenix Vegas TX:https://t.co/nvHRnfi2N7Las Houston
https://t.co/Yd3f8xLpPl https://t.co/nvHRnfzEbH Tickets: 7pm! at night tomorrow Texas Houston in me Join
https://t.co/J777QHdYa3 https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU Changer." Game a Is Speech Trumps "Donald
https://t.co/jaGeN4u50U JOBS! fast- it fix will I supports. Clinton policies trade horrible to thanks high 7yr a to rose deficit trade The
https://t.co/dKBTP1QjH3 https://t.co/pQ4nSTnVrK Video: #Trump2016 border. Mexico - U.S. from miles 8 Texas- McAllen
@FoxNews P.M. 7:00 at @greta on interviewed be will I
Post!https://t.co/0nNKEBSd73 Washington the from story accurate an Finally
https://t.co/c7sCbHDAQh https://t.co/fX0kXZUNqz #Trump2016 Thursday!#AmericaFirst on Texas Dallas in me Join
https://t.co/cVJvfcoGOt #AmericaFirst soon! back be Will Georgia! Atlanta you Thank
guns. buy to list fly no the or list watch terrorist the on people allowing not about me endorsed has who NRA the with meeting be will I
people! the to directly message smart and fair but tough our take to but choice no have we that biased totally so is press The
https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw right: he's But @POTUS." about insinuated have "may DonaldTrump what criticizing themselves over all fell Media An:
https://t.co/R29WMGNLGG #AmericaFirst soon! back be Will Carolina! North Greensboro you Thank
NEVADA:https://t.co/x3w1PHtLXP GEORGIA:https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0aniSATURDAY! CAROLINA:https://t.co/UolRS3aT6WWEDNESDAY! NORTH TONIGHT!
https://t.co/mXsxkfcstC YOU! THANK @USArmy! the to BIRTHDAY 241st HAPPY
beliefs. and freedoms your threaten will that people more in brings Hillary while you for fight will I community! LGBT the to you Thank
FIRST! AMERICA
screening. extraordinary without country our into people admit cannot We vigilant. very and smart very tough very get now must American
https://t.co/cyARlHSEFU https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0ani #Trump2016Tickets: noon! at Wednesday- on Atlanta in me Join
https://t.co/T1fVcu3mEC cont'd: on- calling am I hate. funding stop to countries other and Arabia Saudi on call must we says Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/t31ReRSzzy cont'd: Foundation- Clinton the to money of amounts vast gave that countries the of many and Arabia Saudi
https://t.co/DrVa65X9rI right. was I Orlando. from savage this even over all cheering were They celebrating? weren’t people thought I
terror. Islamic to tied nations from immigration suspending includes which ban temporary a about spoke I America protecting on speech my In
https://t.co/THKJwjNkaz hereby: are we campaign Trump setting record the of reporting and coverage inaccurate incredibly the on Based
https://t.co/cITm8BPixD is: Post Washington phony the dishonest how you show to but Obama President of fan no am I
https://t.co/T7yHSdCeU8 https://t.co/WD1LGFKx3M TRANSCRIPT: SPEECH- SECURITY NATIONAL AND IMMIGRATION TERRORISM
@Penguins! Pittsburgh Champions #StanleyCup 2016 the to Congratulations
saying am I what and words my of distortion total the and @CNN and words my and me treating are they fairly how and @FoxNews watching am I
P.M. 2:30 yesterday. of events horrible the and terror discuss to victory primary first my of home today Hampshire New to going be will I
use! now would she broke-said just Hillary Terror. Islamic Radical term the using not on hard Hillary Crooked and Obama hitting been have I
tough be Must ban. the for asked and it called I ineffective. and weak is leadership Our beginning. the just is Orlando in happened has What
parade. Gay near rifles with LA in arrested man 2nd clubgoers. slaughtered he as Akbar!" hu "Allah shouted killer Orlando that Reporting
disgrace! in resign immediately should he doesn't he If terrorism? Islamic radical words the mention finally to going Obama President Is
smart! be must We vigilance. &amp; toughness want I congrats want don't I terrorism Islamic radical on right being for congrats the Appreciate
vigilant? &amp; smart tough get we will When stop? this will When families. their &amp; victims the all for Praying FL. in incident Horrific
Shame! disabled. mock NEVER would I story. his changed he after GROVELING reporter a imitating was I where me about ad false a made Clinton
wounded. and dead people Many terrorism. possible investigating Police Orlando. in shooting bad Really
racist! Very career. her advance to order in American Native a be to pretended Pocahontas as to referred sometimes Warren Elizabeth Goofy
https://t.co/R0tm44nMao dearly. him miss will We man. young great a was Rone Riley
https://t.co/iaL5IGTfV3 #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 Carolina! North Greensboro in Tuesday- on me Join
https://t.co/ttLMgInkdA #AmericaFirst soon! back be Will Pennsylvania! Pittsburgh you Thank
https://t.co/qWaTT9jsQD #AmericaFirst officers! enforcement law amazing our to you Thank
https://t.co/fY4QVoSSfj #TrumpTrain Florida!#AmericaFirst Tampa you Thank
same! do should They done! not or bad shoddy is work when pay don't only false bills- pay don't I saying article did @USATODAY case- Sad
https://t.co/04qqpGylT7 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to want who volunteers outstanding our of all to you thank Florida- Tampa In
racist! a was I thought they if so done have not would me endorsed and well me know who Americans African other many so and King Don
is there person racist least am I racist-but me calls he Now dog. a like choked he but president failed a beat to chance his had Romney Mitt
https://t.co/SxU4yzCLQf #Trump2016 Virginia! Richmond you Thank
https://t.co/Ye6IhOW6ZM #Trump2016 values.#RTM2016 shared our discuss to today- you joining honor An Coalition! @FaithandFreedom you Thank
https://t.co/I2CJSqiKGN #Trump2016Tickets: tonight! me Join now. Virginia Richmond to Heading
https://t.co/pvrBb7v4NG #CrookedHillary #FlashbackFriday
ad!https://t.co/aOvVsZfAW3 Great Clinton. Hillary Crooked about correct 100% is he however Obama- President with agree rarely I
https://t.co/rZ1MqUzpKU #Trump2016 change! for Time Puppet. Donor Corporate a as Clinton Hillary Crooked describing VIDEO:Pocahontas 2004
OPO. visit and Coalition Freedom and Faith at speak to D.C. to Heading
https://t.co/nEPqAYw1G5 Democrats" Sexist Racist Against Rights Civil Women’s On Leading Of GOPLegacy Continue To Plans Trump "Donald
Nice! me. endorsed just King Don promoter boxing great The
2:30pmhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm - NH Portsmouth 3pm6/13: - PA Pittsburgh 11am6/11: - FL Tampa 8pm6/11: - VA Richmond 6/10: me! Join
choice. V.P. is she Hope mouth. nasty a has Senators U.S. productive least the of one Warren Elizabeth Goofy again! it at is Pocahontas
Pittsburghhttps://t.co/bwgL1ZXtC7 Tampahttps://t.co/6jk33orxXG6/11: Richmondhttps://t.co/I2CJSqAlyl6/11: #Trump20166/10: me! Join
https://t.co/COXEJ1In8D appreciated. much very Roseanne you Thank
https://t.co/gECLNtQizQ deleted? you that emails 33000 your are where up--and that think to people 823 of staff your take it did long How
https://t.co/iulXLEANei Aviv: Tel in attacks terrorist the regarding support and condolences of message A
does! else nobody Obama—but of years more four wants He Hillary. Crooked endorsed just Obama
plus! Obama else. all about just and guns military the healthcare trade economy the jobs on disaster a be will Clinton Hillary Crooked
win! will we primaries the in wins big our like just but amazing is dishonesty Their me. against much very is media the expected As
me. to come will trade of because supporters his of Many him. played she way the after Hillary Crooked dislike really must Sanders Bernie
one! had she opponents 16 had I that fact the for except Clinton Hillary Crooked than more votes of millions many had have would I
https://t.co/42OpVsjXjp #Trump2016 AGAIN!#AmericaFirst GREAT AMERICA MAKE
now! watching am I what believe won't You ratings. bad - end deep the off Gone anymore. @Morning_Joe watching is Nobody
recieved ever votes most - reviews Great air. thr in electricity the feel could I speech. my on comments wonderful your for all to you Thank
https://t.co/H6D25S1TR5 https://t.co/GusL2UPrX2 #Trump2016 California! you Thank
https://t.co/osWzVxNkJx #Trump2016https://t.co/wNOY8Pc2kM Mexico! New you Thank
https://t.co/pNqwOrY0ZB https://t.co/GbRTQdxIj4 #Trump2016 Dakota! South you Thank
https://t.co/MyJMOKdpJ9 #Trump2016https://t.co/PgIYkHLGtI Jersey! New you Thank
https://t.co/PyHiy7vjO6 #Trump2016https://t.co/rOvTapLnWG Montana! you Thank
continues again WINS that country a toward movement The P.M. 9:00 at nomination Republican the to journey great our about speaking be will I
P.M. 10:00 Enjoy! - @seanhannity on tonight interviewed be will I
https://t.co/7Jk6voyzue #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we Together you! Thank
president! the be to integrity or temperament the has Hillary Crooked that believe doesn't Byrne Gary Agent Service Secret book out just In
pres for temperament Bad VIOLENT. &amp; ERRATIC as her describing Hillary Crooked excoriates Clinton President for Agent Service Secret former A
credit.https://t.co/sRCF1H3rjg me giving without change the made they protection terrorism no of because obsolete was NATO said I when See
https://t.co/qdsLUy2hqD Silk! and Diamond you Thank
https://t.co/od7vsDMlHY 1944. 6 June - #DDay on heroes fallen the Remembering
one! number and money save flexible good is small But staff. campaign small a have I because pundits certain from marks bad getting am I
bad! REALLY That's report. jobs issued just in month for jobs new 38000 only - message Obama's to blow massive A
fraud! total a is She women. on me on ad false a for PolitiFact by ad) for paid Street Wall a (for criticized badly being is Hillary Crooked
questions! tough answer to unable is she bad so is record Her months. 7 than more in conference news a held not has Clinton Hillary Crooked
great! be can We country. our should too so #1 finish and campaign the on others than money less far spend to able been have I like Just
media! of much so of knowledge.True any without want they what say They access. zero have but campaign my on report @KatyTurNBC like People
Change! record. track destructive and bad very a and skills leadership poor judgement bad has She president. be to unfit is Clinton Hillary
lie! big one is MSM and CNN garbage! predictable are Shows me. against biased so are they because lately little very @CNN watching am I
doors closed behind them indignant-hear so act biased.They more and more getting is @CNN as to referred sometimes Network News Clinton The
https://t.co/fMR8YYiiMz way. this feel people many so Gonzales General Attorney you Thank
2010. since report jobs worst the had just We
peaceful! remained supporters lucky were thugs The people. innocent of protection the ordering of job terrible a did Jose San of Mayor The
police at laughed and flag American the burned They illegals. were Jose San in supporters Trump peaceful the attacked that thugs the of Many
all! by missed be will He guy. wonderful a and champion great truly A 74! at dead is Ali Muhammad
https://t.co/nFiydpTpPn #CAPrimary California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Redding you Thank
hostile. not are they fortunately but be to want they if tougher far are supporters My thugs. the than other Jose San in evening Great
24th. June on place taking @TrumpTurnberry- event opening the attending to forward look greatly I Scotland! to visit my in interest much So
Trump."https://t.co/8YtBU7j17m behind 100% I'm and Hispanic be to proud I'm Hispanic I'm town. border a in police of chief former a "I'm
honest! Not fact. in basis no have but believe or said I that things up made she yesterday speech telepromter Hillary's Crooked In
way! their lost They Joe. is Joe hate. with wild gone has Mika hear I ratings! low audience Small anymore. @Morning_Joe do or watch don't I
flag! Am burned thugs of group small Outside crowd. Big hall. the in enthusiasm and love Tremendous great. was Jose San in night last Rally
Bombshell! added. jobs 38000 Only reported. just report jobs Terrible
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to USA the to back 25th- June on Then
Ocean. Atlantic the on fronting resort magnificent the Ireland in @TrumpDoonbeg visit will I @TrumpScotland After
@TrumpScotland. club great my see to Europe of capital oil the Aberdeen visiting be will I @TrumpTurnberry After
best. worlds the Resort @TrumpTurnberry renovated newly the of opening the celebrate to Scotland to going be will I 22- June On
https://t.co/tyllhxJHC7 #Trump2016Tickets: 1:00pm. at tomorrow California- Redding in me Join
https://t.co/JCZPCFx10X work! great the up @Golf_com.Keep / @SInow in piece nice the for you Thank .@Natalie_Gulbis-
explode! costs healthcare as anger and panic is there so you told I ObamaCare. through Shield Cross/Blue Blue Texas in increase 60% A
Again! Great America Make to hard very working be both will We Ryan. Paul of support and endorsement the have to great So
presidential! look even doesn't She telepromter! the from poorly Reading Clinton! Hillary Crooked by performance Bad
incompetence! of years four another allow not will People office. in failure much too - credibility has longer no Hillary Crooked
positions. policy foreign my misrepresent totally to ready getting is Hillary Lyin' call to love would I who Clinton Hillary Crooked
pres. be will I it! in interest much so U(?) Trump open to execs my instructed have I won case the and of disposed is litigation the After
case! win will &amp; reviews great of thousands have I Diego San in case civil U Trump the in judge unfair and biased very a have I though Even
HRC. more No monsters! real mean I and - mistakes many so made has she experience policy foreign Clinton's Hillary Crooked the of all With
https://t.co/OrEhKJZ5Rd https://t.co/jLQukR550J #Trump2016Tickets: tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain California- Jose San in me Join
president? your for want you what that Isn't losses. 38 wins 450 Verdict: lawsuits. in record my on story cover todays did Today USA Wow
P foreign my about anything knew watched-nobody Just policies. my on representation proper little very me gives @CNN that notice ever you Do
judgement! BAD from suffers she because president be to qualified not was Clinton Hillary Crooked that said he when right was Sanders Bernie
ability-zilch! making decision her and bad is temperament Her president. be not should she - talent natural zero has Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/t75Zxn9L6f #MakeAmericaGreatAgain California! Sacramento you Thank
learn! never will today- me on story terrible another wrote week last story women's discredited wrote who "reporter" @nytimes failing Same
missing! Many e-mails. of use stupid very and illegal her by risk at country and public the put has who fraud a is Clinton Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/Uds8OdH3A4 #Trump2016https://t.co/jLQukR550J #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 7pm! at evening tomorrow California- Jose San in me Join
biased. totally - belittle to anything do They bad! look me makes media the and veterans the for $5600000 raised/gave I So
10pE. @ tonight show his on be will I ratings- of Speaking ratings. television in increase tremendous his on @seanhannity to Congratulations
days. 179 in conference press a having not for admonished be should Hillary Crooked today. conference press my for credit great getting am I
doc. her of editing fraudulent the for herself of ashamed be should forgotten largely been has who reporter rate third the Couric Katie
Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 10pmE at tonight @seanhannity on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/km0rRYSDnO #Trump2016https://t.co/W7xy7eXcii 7pm! @ evening California-tomorrow Sacramento in me Join
job. amazing an do they - honor great my was It raised/gave! I money the of all with happy beyond are groups veterans many So
raised/gave! I that $5600000 the got groups VETERANS which on information gave I wherein Tower Trump in conference press a finished Just
Watch! so. doing for publicity bad but nothing got have and VETERANS great our to money of amount tremendous a raised/given have I
Tower! Trump today A.M. 11:00 at conference News good! looking numbers poll new - happening things great many So
me. against biased totally is who Curiel Gonzalo judge a have but judgement summary on case University Trump the won easily have should I
Trump biased-hates Totally pick. Obama An unfair. very is who Diego) (San Curiel Gonzalo case civil University Trump the in judge a have I
Day! Memorial great a had everyone hope I
record Broke sixteen. of instead opponent one had only I if Hillary) Crooked (than primaries the in more votes of millions had have would I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE soon will we that remember and Day Memorial great a Have
Nice! candidate. presidential a endorsed ever they that time first the was Agents Patrol Border 16500 the by me of endorsement The
necessary! very was WALL the that made was statement the you) (thank Agents Patrol Border 16500 the of endorsement the getting In
W.H. at (fence) wall bigger much a build to wants now he yet and (wrong) security our enhance won't border southern our at WALL a says Obama
Court! Supreme the to bye good say Independent an as run to spoiler a get does actually Kristol Bill dummy If
candidate! Indie spoiler a up set to lightweights allow Can't November. in win to wants it if strong &amp; smart be to has Party Republican The
R's! tough Be party. a not are they then own their control can't GOP the if but loser embarrassed 2yrs-an for wrong been has Kristol Bill
do. we everything behind 100% stand I b/c politics- of history the in campaign any than cash more perhaps has campaign my that is news Good
spirit! Great COUNTRY. OUR LOVE that people Amazing THUNDER. ROLLING hear and see to D.C. to Heading
them. love We country! our and us for lives their gave that women and men great the of all respecting and of thinking by Day Memorial Honor
#MDW lost. lives American of Thousands Japan? in he's while Harbor Pearl on attack sneak the discuss ever Obama President Does
me! from quote a is matters that quote only The campaign. my for work who people quoting media phony and biased the believe Don't
dishonest! Very paper. the of back the in I'm nomination GOP the won I when but @nytimes failing the of page front the on always am I
Prez! as need we What results! better much get &amp; money less much spend I style. management my about kick phony new a on is media The
her. beating I'm &amp; 800- has Hillary 73 have I people. many have don't I that &amp; style management my about story a wrote @nytimes failing The
you. Thank go! to left states many with and - lot a by - Primary Republican a in gotten votes most for record all-time the broke (we) I
ENOUGH NOT get? we do what but nice How borders. their and them defend to have would we where countries other with treaties 69 has U.S. The
https://t.co/TVSPvxOmve #Trump2016 you! Thank crowd! great California- Fresno in rally Great
accounts:https://t.co/MMa07nwa44 media social refugees' Syrian screen to fails administration Obama
appreciated! Greatly rally. attended well and peaceful very our disrupt to tried who thugs the handling on job Fantastic .@SanDiegoPD-
music! your love it- Appreciate MSG. at shoutout kind very a gave you me told just friends many @BillyJoel- you Thank
https://t.co/1NRj3zCuui #Trump2016 you!! California!Thank Diego San in 25000 Wow-
ENJOY! P.M. 8:00 at @FoxNews special. big a tonight @oreillyfactor on am I
#Trump2016 good! be should it Watch 8pmE. at @FoxNews tonight- @OreillyFactor on special major a doing O'Reilly Bill
https://t.co/WjI8Rx11no #Trump2016https://t.co/kTi6e1zyNI PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ENERGY FIRST AMERICA AN
Marco! Run MAJORITY. the keep to Important Florida. in seat Senate his onto holding in best the far by does @marcorubio that shows data Poll
https://t.co/82l6TjA2lk President! for Nomination Republican the won together we Today
#Trump2016 Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps 7pmE. @Greta- with @FoxNews on featured be will children my and @MELANIATRUMP wife My
https://t.co/hPQJc7eor0 #Trump2016 1237! Celebrating
#Trump2016https://t.co/SPJfMFyPjU you! Thank
Harvard. in get to American Native be to pretended Pocahontas as to referred sometimes Warren Elizabeth Goofy that offensive it find I
#Trump2016 forgotten. be not will It night. last evening magical and wonderful the for @TomBarrackJr Mrs. &amp; Mr. you Thank
you! thank @OutnumberedFNC- on you watched just .@kimguilfoyle-
W.H. the in allowed be cannot temperament and judgement bad Such disaster. a is Clinton Hillary Crooked on report General's Inspector The
https://t.co/AEShamhNVS California!#Trump2016 Anaheim you Thank
history. primary GOP in votes for record time all the broken have we movement great our of behalf on say to Honored Washington! you Thank
criminals! outside but beautiful and big was inside rally The flag. Mexican the flying were who thugs were Mexico New in protesters The
it have doesn't Hillary candidates. smart and good very 16 out knock to had I Bernie. with deal the close can't just Clinton Hillary Crooked
action! no talk All senator. other any practically than Senate U.S. the in less done has @elizabethforma Warren Elizabeth Senator Goofy
hypocrite! Total killing. quick a made and housing foreclosed bought Pocahontas as known sometimes Warren Elizabeth Goofy @elizabethforma
lowlife! a is American native is she fact the faked she because Pocahontas as to referred sometimes Warren Elizabeth Goofy @elizabethforma
Anaheim. in rally Big L.A. in Now crowd! amazing Mexico New in rally Great
https://t.co/v9glTwj6gy #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Washington! you Thank
#Trump2016 nice! Really @RickSantorum. of endorsement today's receive to honor Great
HILLARY! CROOKED BY SENT OUT- JUST Tower. Trump @ formed protesters believe couldn't I Vets for $6M almost obligation no w/ raising After
https://t.co/Feb6dhctQo written! have should NYT's the what is This straight. story @NYTimes failing the setting for @DailyMail- you Thank
https://t.co/zKyRwEaLmz media- dishonest the for suggestion A
https://t.co/LZ9qWRYzdj @JasonDovEsq by Israel concerning article written wonderfully A
https://t.co/ujDwSSFhbx @Ed_Klein her. for vote to able be never will you &amp; it Read Hillary. Crooked about written been has book new great A
judgement! bad old plain from suffers she importantly Most jobs. about care doesn't and overtaxes overregulates Clinton Hillary Crooked
great! thinks media dishonest the Even F.E.C. the of history the in numbers largest the forms disclosure financial my released just I
media. disgusting and dishonest the from publicity bad but nothing got have I vets the for raised have I money the of all with Amazingly
groups. veteran other various to shortly go to rest the with distributed been already has veterans our for raised have I money the of Much
Nice! VETERANS. our for me from dollars 1million including dollars million 6 &amp; 5 between raised have I so do to obligation no under While
Montanahttps://t.co/atvrCgjFDe Billings Californiahttps://t.co/mmPck1HYrC5/26/16: Anaheim Montana!5/25/16: or California in me Join
Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at @oreillyfactor on interviewed be will I
vets! ofour care take will I ‘widespread.’ not are problems VA says Hillary times. measurewait shouldn't we said just Secretary VA Obama’s
https://t.co/8ZtEIWNqz4 women? protecting really Hillary Is
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE goal: ultimate our to lead quickly will This FIRST! AMERICA be will it else EVERYTHING and military trade In
https://t.co/xfINxdRNiQ #Trump2016 America! you Thank
terrorists! and terror for lookout the on be constantly to and lives normal lead to able being not of tired and sick are people American The
scandal! e-mail - race the of out forced be will Clinton Hillary Crooked that believes he because quest his continuing is Sanders Bernie
https://t.co/xGkVbxTamz https://t.co/mmPck1HYrC Tickets: #MAGA Center!#Trump2016 Convention Anaheim the at 25th May Wednesday on me Join
America! protect and smart get to Time this. allow can’t We refugees. Syrian in increase 500% radical a wants Hillary Crooked
women? oppresses horribly which Islam radical on silent is she when women about cares she say Hillary Crooked can How
yrs? 2 for wrong me about shot single every called has he when panels on @BillKristol dopey put to continue networks the do Why
stupidity! of years more four be Would bad! so be to proven been has judgement her because president be to qualified not is Clinton Hillary
Wrong! classroom. school the into brought guns want I that said Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/A3Wus0cRIO #ArmedForcesDay heroes! true our are You country. our served have who women and men the of all to you Thank
dangerous! and reckless is She Libya. and Iraq Syria in ISIS unleashed interventions foreign Clintons Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/MAZK5bdZuD AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
off! Turning team. my from rebuttal zero with losers anti-Trump two had Just closer. get I as worse even getting negative so is .@CNN
Hillary! protect to guns more No armed. fully are who bodyguards by surrounded is she yet and guns all of rid get to wants Hillary Crooked
disaster! total a Airports government! our like just apart falling is TSA the day all golf playing out was president wonderful our While
person! dishonest very a is She me. against ads false on money Street Wall of amounts tremendous spending is Hillary Crooked
Clinton! for vote ever can owner gun No Amendment. 2nd the abolish essentially to wants Clinton Hillary Crooked
Britain." in dramatic most the be could Turnberry @Trump hole 9th 3 par new "the that statement wonderful the for @TheTodaysGolfer you Thank
easy! look MAJORS winning made You playing! GREAT your and you of proud So Turnberry. Trump at you have to great Colin @montgomeriefdn
#Trump2016 disappoint! not will We me. to deal great a means It @TGowdySC. today endorsement wonderful your for you Thank
https://t.co/aJ7s0aqqj0 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @NRA! the &amp; Cox Chris LaPierre Wayne with Kentucky in day Great
https://t.co/ygLUAl7gzx #2A #Trump2016 @GOPconvention! to prior @NRA- the by endorsed ever candidate first the be to honor An you! Thank
sad! Very biased. and unfair is article Every bad. it make and me about story good a take always will @NYTimes Failing
seen." ever has country this candidate popular entertaining&amp;massively extraordinary unpredictable most the is "Trump @piersmorgan! Thanks
https://t.co/vV31Pbpkmn @NRA cc: #2A event. private a at #SecondAmendment the discussing Clinton- Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/Arw19Antpj soon! all you See way! my on am I
https://t.co/dQi3Cydckp @JasonDovEsq Greenblatt Jason by Unity" for Call "A
way! No this? of years more Four Hillary. of favor in rigged it have Dems the and - Bernie with deal the close even can't Hillary Crooked
LAUGHS! ISIS back. come never will country our and Obama of years more Four so! think don't I presidential? looks Clinton Hillary Crooked
chance! no has Hillary fast it fix can I wild. around running still is ISIS and mess total a today is world the where Look
years! more 4 president. be to her for love would all and Russia China ISIS stamina. less even and imagination zero has Hillary Crooked
thing! same the said Bernie - judgement" bad "very has she because president be to qualified" "not is Clinton Hillary Crooked that said I
2017!https://t.co/Mk4YuuRf4s in strength with terrorism to respond will We @LtStevenLRogers. you Thank
Rowanne. you Thank fraud? disgusting a as @nytimes the exposed have to Lane Brewer Rowanne is woman a quality How
sickness! and hate Great vigilant? and smart tough get we will When Paris. from departed Airplane attack. terrorist another yet like Looks
list! the to adding be may I weeks of number next the During recieved. well very was Justices Court Supreme U.S. potential of list My
joke! a become has which story @nytimes the Like happened! Never ago. years 29 her at pass" a "made I that claims journalist low-life Some
https://t.co/YZAdAndKXv #Trump2016https://t.co/kXhc2j94YF #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/u8hhrRRFMp #Trump2016 Louisiana! you Thank
https://t.co/IC3pe5lRAS soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you See Arizona! you Thank
race? the called even hasn't AP when KY in winner Hillary Crooked declare @AlisonForKY supporter Clinton did Why
me! for are fans disenfranchised his of Many him. against rigged is system the - Democrats the by badly very treated being is Sanders Bernie
me. against ad first his in fraud committed knowingly has PAC Super Clinton Pro-Hillary the of head and flunky @CNN dopey the Begala Paul
you. Thank anticipated! than higher even is percentage vote The OREGON. OF STATE GREAT THE won just have we MOVEMENT THE to Congratulations
https://t.co/hK1yqlp9ca #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Oregon! you Thank
resign should He me. about badly tweeted past in has women with me on piece hit @nytimes discredited now the of author the Barbaro Michael
on! it get to time so - rigged is investigation e-mail rigged are Primaries Democrat Clinton! Hillary Crooked debating to forward so look I
CNN! watch Don't - 1 to 7 haters. Trump seven of panel a by savaged be to Lord Jeffrey nice very the allow would @CNN that believe can't I
tonight! Oregon in does MOVEMENT" "THE how see all us let Now after! ever happily lived all they and --- Megyn done Well it. is that Well
now! question final a for on back go Will
Douglas! Michael like I
ENJOY! Network! Fox on be Will interesting. be Should minutes. 10 in Show @megynkelly tweeting live be will I
Apologize? it. knew they and women with do to nothing had line main Their Hillary! Crooked like just fraud a is ad for paid Street Wall
rigged! System race. of out drop should she Kentucky win can't she If deal? the close finally will Hillary Crooked think you Do
https://t.co/nlJssZeIWm Enjoy! 8! at tonight Network Fox the on @megynkelly with interview my tweeting live be will I
fair. very be will she think me—I treats she how see to interesting be will It ET. PM 8 tonight @megynkelly watching to forward look I
history? U.S. in deal economic worst the NAFTA for responsible was he when economy the of charge in husband her put Hillary Crooked can How
D.C.? to "energizer" the bring he her.Will runnot should he so economy.If the of charge in be to going is husband her said Hillary Crooked
https://t.co/ESGg1Qu68Shttps://t.co/TqcNAWjP5l 8pm! at #ORPrimary!Closes in boxes drop ballot 185 &amp; offices clerk's at #VoteTrump
her! for day bad another be Will Sanders. Bernie with deal the close can't Hillary Crooked
history political U.S. in woman of abuser WORST the was husband her when women concerning me on ad hit a do can Hillary Crooked that Amazing
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE TRUMP! VOTE - going numbers big the Keep today. voting is Oregon
China on was hit My facts! the misrepresent would she believe Can't women. on misquoted am I where ad an out put Clinton Hillary Crooked
WOMEN! NOT China about was - themselves" BLANK go to them tell can "You line. final the misrepresents me against ad hit new pathetic The
run? she can How Liar! reception. wedding a with do to had they said She Clinton. Hillary Crooked by deleted were e-mails 30000 Wow
no. said I back. come to trying years for and endlessly company my call would she that is say not does Res Barbara What
you! thank nice a for much So nasty. is she now and of unheard was that when job construction N.Y. top a Res Barbara named woman a gave I
history! U.S. in president worst the is Obama President that reason primary a is This virtue." a not is ignorance life in and politics "In
respond. to unable was morning this CBS on interviewed was who Barbaro Michael @nytimes the in story false proven now the of writer The
statements. positive many so were there because That’s 6. about wrote only they yet @nytimes the by interviewed were women 50 Over
me. on did they story libelous &amp; malicious false the after write they what believe can failing—who is @nytimes the wonder No
women. with relationship my on did they story dishonest totally the by embarrassed greatly is @nytimes failing The
https://t.co/qkK3LJPoQQ @foxandfriends. joined yesterday story @nytimes failing the in woman depicted prominently most the Brewer Rowanne
https://t.co/xm45Ia1GTu Trump" for Case Entrepreneur's "The @WSJ @Scaramucci Anthony you Thank
fraud! a as article the exposed have we me on piece hit @nytimes failing the to central woman the of today forward coming the With
record! all-time set I Primaries." Repub the in weakness some showed "Trump said watch longer no I which @cnn for commentator political A
lied Times saying @foxandfriends on was yesterday story @nytimes failing the in woman depicted prominently most the Brewer Rowanne Wow
lie! a was it said who Brewer Rowanne by up blown just was yesterday me on story cover piece hit Their dishonest. so is @nytimes The
is! @nytimes the dishonest totally how show to up it picks media the of rest the hope I - @foxandfriends on interview amazing an was That
run. Bernie Run independent! an as run should He him. against rigged is system The Dems. the by badly very treated being is Sanders Bernie
https://t.co/SZyZ8GkF23 #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain thank poll- new Great
consideration. under NOT are mentioned others most and Rubio Marco wrong. is candidates VP potential on report @washingtonpost The
https://t.co/8yFd6qA4rD soon!#Trump2016 you See Georgia! you Thank
prevail! will we but - it of plenty and reporting False me. against witch-hunt a on really is media The
DISHONEST! careers. their with helped have to proud so was I that them to given names the of any use to refuse @nytimes failing the did Why
that! for page front Massive piece. @nytimes failing the of stupidity the at laughing people ranking high from calls many so had have I Wow
dishonest! TOTALLY is media The women? and Clintons the on story real the write @nytimes failing the doesn't Why
use to helped-refused I women of names many them gave women.I and me on did they piece hit lame the for @nytimes the at laughing is Everyone
joke! A nothing. found they women treated have I nicely how with impressed are All me. on piece hit another yet wrote @nytimes failing The
@FoxNews @CNN logical! totally and delivered Well @KellyRiddell. morning this words nice the for you Thank
television! bad - ratings in Hurting unprofessional. Very possible. as bad as look me make to hard working really is @CNN Wow
https://t.co/ytzesbCZas you! thank poll- new Great
others? the of all and ISIS Russia China on take to going she is how Bernie Crazy on deal the close can't Clinton Hillary Crooked If
https://t.co/nW0N3OO4mw Sheldon! you Thank for. respect tremendous such Ihave person a of endorsement the receive to honor incredible An
tax! carbon a endorse or support not will I opposite. the just is incorrect—it absolutely is tax carbon the &amp; me about story Your .@thehill
more! and security national about talk interesting very a had we and surprise my to much very yesterday me called Graham Lindsey Senator
https://t.co/R0NuOrZISX #Trump2016 D.C. in leaders Republican and McConnell Mitch @SenateMajLdr with meeting Great
https://t.co/hfHY9MdAc7 #Trump2016 well! really out working Things leadership. Republican and @SpeakerRyan with D.C. in day Great
clue. a have doesn’t America—she in jobs no have we’d Warren Elizabeth goofy to up were it If
election! after not complete is audit when returns tax my release would I and audit routine under are taxes my that @AP told I interview In
Senate? in done nothing gets &amp; Trump about tweeting day whole a spend can Warren Elizabeth goofy like Senator failed a when funny it Isn’t
increase! for media—asking See Wage. Minimum Federal the abolish to want I says she when lied Warren Elizabeth Goofy
help! to nothing worker…does American the about less care couldn’t Warren Elizabeth goofy Senator American Native Our
you…” to up stands woman a “when tweet dumb her See Hillary. crooked friend her like card woman’s the using now is Warren Elizabeth Goofy
lose! would she been has Warren Elizabeth goofy Senator ineffective an what out found Massachusetts of people the If
https://t.co/hiDDT9hV0j Piers. Thanks
https://t.co/CLhqgybbYR #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
cold. VP and that stops heritage American Native phony Her POTUS. for run to guts the have didn’t Warren Elizabeth Goofy
nothing! done has She Senate. U.S. entire the in Senators effective least the of one been has Warren Elizabeth Goofy
come! will time His Hillary. Crooked to doing is he what watching love I because yet hard too Sanders Bernie Crazy hit to want don't I
lose! will Bernie Crazy against bad very looking is who Hillary Crooked - November for ready Get Nebraska. and Virginia West in wins Big
https://t.co/RRma61oisz #Trump2016 Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you Thank
https://t.co/iCGcF21fWY #Trump2016 Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain West you Thank
Hillary! crooked for sorry feel Don’t husband? her about truth the tell can’t I &amp; me on ads negative on millions spend Clintons The
https://t.co/LhcIU6kmxs judgment! bad has Hillary
vote! and out day--get big the is Today week. last Nebraska in being great so was It
levels! all at Dems the beat will we Together DC. in Thurs on Leadership Party GOP the &amp; Ryan w/Paul meeting to forward much very look I
https://t.co/lEGJyAinUh @JasonDovEsq Needs" Country Our Talents With Visionary a is Trump "Donald Greenblatt Jason and @JTAnews Via
#Trump2016https://t.co/pndaZjsruy TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump VIRGINIA WEST
#Trump2016https://t.co/hGbesTbQci TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump NEBRASKA
position. the take not will they that press the tell that VP be to asked never were that people the only is It
@marthamaccallum Hillary! Crooked not me about commercial Hillary vicious the in cake the ate who O'Donnell Rosie was It
opposite! Exactly taxes. raise to want I that narrative false the pushing keep Hillary Crooked from push strong a with media the does Why
words! nice the for you Thank morning. this @foxandfriends on job Great #RepMikeKelly .
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Nebraska vote and out Get
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Virginia West vote and out Get
https://t.co/3diVyaiw2Q Trump" Donald Elect Let's Children: Our "For @JasonDovEsq Greenblatt Jason you Thank
current! than lower be still would proposal my to Congress by increase negotiated Any candidate. other any than more far taxes lowering am I
people! other 17 against compete to having --despite party Republican the in votes primary in record time all the set have will I
did! she than votes more million 10 gotten have would I Clinton Hillary like primaries the in me against running person 1 had only I If
one! had beat—she to people 17 had I But Trump. Donald than votes primary more got she that says Clinton Hillary Crooked
#Trump2016https://t.co/ygD2z6EnhYhttps://t.co/Z2yVlmHl8o #VoteTrump #NEPrimary
#Trump2016https://t.co/ihDWRMdy98https://t.co/VSStoanoDb #VoteTrump #WVPrimary
Enjoy! A.M. 7:30 at @FoxBizAlert on @MariaBartiromo by interviewed be Will
positions! my misrepresent anymore.They show the watch or do won't I said I since ever hostile really gone has @Morning_Joe hear I Wow
A.M. 7:00 at @CNN on interviewed be will I
heart! no with guy nasty A for. stand they good the of all and Evangelicals of representative terrible a truly is Moore Russell .@drmoore
A.M. 7:00 at @CNN @NewDay on interviewed be will I
me! to opposed selfishly and currently are that Party Republican the in people the despite Hillary Crooked against election the win will I
ENJOY! now. @FoxNews show @seanhannity On
Bad! border. the at Mexico and trade on China and ISIS with way same the be will It Bernie. with deal the close can't just Hillary Crooked
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE people. the for win will I - going Keep today. @meetthepress on fantastic were you Kellyanne .@KellyannePolls
Enjoy! morning. this @meetthepress on interviewed be will I
Enjoy! morning. this S George with Week This on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/BVSHiG2iPA https://t.co/T35f2y5YxR #HappyMothersDay!
@JudgeJeanine. on tonight support your for you thank .@EdGoeas
honor! no deal the broke They PLEDGE? binding a signed Bush Jeb and Graham Lindsey candidates presidential failed two the when Remember
you. Thank Trump! for Teamsters called within from movement a created have @Teamsters the of women and men great the that honored am I
@Teamsters clue! no has Hillary Crooked infrastructure. crumbling our rebuild totally and U.S. the in jobs our keep to going am I
https://t.co/C7HhNvO01T tickets:https://t.co/MTu0GEM7Dx tickets:https://t.co/McBZgICMgsLynden today!Spokane Washington in me Join
name? American Native her maybe -- action no talk All nothing. Does ineffective. and weak is Warren Elizabeth Goofy
nuts. her driving I'm easy! too is She rant. Twitter a on are heritage American Native phony her and Warren Elizabeth Goofy
me. support and this over her from run will Democrats of Millions borders. open completely wants Clinton Hillary Crooked
legacy. amazing behind leaves but immigrant illegal by killed horribly was Sarah Nebraska. in Root Sarah of family courageous with met Just
American. Native not is She lie. a on based totally is that career a has flunky Clinton’s Hillary Warren Elizabeth Goofy
fraud! a she’s say I American. Native is she if see to records Warren’s Elizabeth goofy check properly Let’s
both. them defeat will I mate. running her as Warren Elizabeth goofy chooses Clinton Hillary corrupt hope I
@LindseyGrahamSC:https://t.co/lSDE7LHc95 to Response
win. Hillary Crooked a guarantee will This run. to candidate party third a for hard pushing is @Morning_Joe fading rapidly of @JoeNBC hear I
insight! or power much Not work. didn't that and Kasich John then crashed Jeb and Bush Jeb endorsed initially Scarborough Joe
now. is it than life our of component important more far a education make will we POTUS become I When America! across teachers to you Thank
sad! is it - card women's the playing Constantly judgement. bad has she says Sanders Bernie As ability. leadership ZERO has Hillary Crooked
voters! of millions with it won I it inherit didn't I Wrong Party. Republican the special very something inherited I that said Ryan Paul
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE and first America put must We Ryan! Paul for except yesterday endorsements great many So
Rick! you Thank seen." ever I've Presidency the for running people talented most the of one is Trump "Donald said Perry Rick Governor
jobs! back bringing by so do will We America. in up go to wages want I miners all destroy to wants who Clinton Hillary crooked Unlike
#Trump2016 big. win will we - Tuesday on vote and out Go going. it keep Let's Virginia. West you Thank
apologized. then She business." of out companies miners&amp;coal coal of lot whole a put to going are "We said Hillary Crooked believe you Can
Oregon:https://t.co/oroTbvsNdQ Nebraska:https://t.co/2OWQIlNutuEugene Omaha #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 tomorrow! me Join
Independent. an as run &amp; them show should He otherwise. &amp; delegates with Democrats—both the by terribly treated been has Sanders Bernie
https://t.co/k01Mc6CuDI https://t.co/ufoTeQd8yA Hispanics! love I Grill. Tower Trump in made are bowls taco best The #CincoDeMayo! Happy
@FoxNews tonight ET 6pm at @SpecialReport @BretBaier by interviewed be will I
plans. other have I Unfortunately untrue! Totally Vegas. in weekend this fight Alvarez/Khan the attending be will I that reports Many
https://t.co/kv624y9UOm tomorrow! - WV Charleston in me Join
Enjoy! A.M. 7:30 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
A.M. 7:00 at America Morning Good and @TODAYshow on interviewed be will I
Enjoy! A.M. 6:15 at @Morning_Joe on interviewed be will I
Bernie! against cooked are books the because happen will that and Sanders Bernie than Clinton Hillary Crooked against run rather would I
him! against rigged totally is system dysfunctional The Hillary. Crooked beat Sanders that interesting So had. we evening great a What
Virginia! WON I correct Please .@oreillyfactor
forget! never will people-I special very are You category. every in won have We winner. the be to projected just were we Indiana you Thank
https://t.co/G4JlShRA6I #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Indiana! you Thank
money &amp; time wasting race-stop the of out drop should he doesn't he If Indiana. win must and will he that said consistently Cruz Ted Lyin'
Sad! presidential. very not - pressure under function Can't charges. crazy of sorts all Made today. wacko went really Cruz Ted Lyin' Wow
https://t.co/TI27thMZEI #VoteTrump AGAIN!#INPrimary GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/DT9WkYAGEK #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #INPrimary 6pm! at close Polls
https://t.co/Hkt3YNccb0 https://t.co/tiExz8YhFT #Trump2016 America! you Thank
https://t.co/OKaL5UI4oJ #VoteTrump #Trump2016 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/MBgGXSYluWhttps://t.co/YPwDZ8Irch #VoteTrump AGAIN!#INPrimary GREAT AMERICA MAKE
#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nMqeKxccv6 AGAIN!#INPrimary GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/xEBlvGrny1 https://t.co/rj11BPzqDI #INPrimary tomorrow! #VoteTrump &amp; out get Everyone Indiana! Bend South you Thank
soon! you See rally! big -- while short a in Indiana Bend South in be Will
#INPrimary Enjoy! 10pmE. at tonight @seanhannity on interviewed be Will
https://t.co/PvhGP2HmbN AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain YOU THANK
https://t.co/j07c4oYryG #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #INPrimary tomorrow! #VoteTrump &amp; out Get Indiana! Carmel you Thank
https://t.co/AeGyODb37O #Trump2016 #INPrimary guy! great a - Holtz Lou of endorsement the received have to Honored
https://t.co/HtwD1FGn9e #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 11/8/2016. on Clinton Hillary Crooked defeat will I
fun! be will Today amazing. so been has Knight Bobby of support the and great looking are Things day. all Indiana in campaigning be will I
voters! do so - First America want I flags. Mexican waving proudly and flags American the burning protesters the about talking is Everybody
USA. to jobs back bring will I me! thanks he and jobs Hoosier on stance strong a taken has Trump Donald that stated just has Pence Mike Gov
men! such with poorly done has she Actually reservation." the off get who men with "dealing to used is she said Clinton Hillary Crooked
Enjoy! A.M. 7:30 at @NewDay @CNN on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/ZiofZ2D6ck https://t.co/tfW6B0eZDm #INPrimary 4pm! at tomorrow Indiana- Carmel in me Join
https://t.co/mDGrmMmk5T #INPrimary Indiana!#Trump2016 Wayne Fort you Thank
https://t.co/O6ELhlae3h Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Haute Terre you Thank
air! the on be Shouldn't Hillary. beat I after even will never &amp; good anything says Never Bushy. Jeb failed a is .@KarlRove
https://t.co/hDzdDpZiRx Enjoy! day. the throughout #FNS with anniversary year 20th his Wallace- Chris with @FoxNewsSunday on am I
soon! you See rally! big -- while short a in Indiana Haute Terre in be Will
support? no had he end the in and boy little a like race the of out him ran I that say they don't Why @FaceTheNation. Graham Sen. watched I
https://t.co/shPWexfkVX #Trump2016 Indiana! you Thank
there! you See rallies. AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE four at Monday and Sunday on Indiana in be will I
job! Great today. @FoxNews on comments nice the for @MikeOzanian you Thank
https://t.co/sto7CYV1fw #MAGA #Trump2016 delegates. GOP Delaware down locks Trump
AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE jobs). (and economy the on me beat can Nobody quarter. this growth ZERO worse-almost getting and bad is economy The
enforcement! law by strongly with dealt be should They professionals. are Many criminals. and thugs were California in "protesters" The
woman! incredible an been has always and is mother Your amazing. so Anderson .@AC360
rigged! is system because ballots other on effort and time wasting not are and ballot first the on win will We delegates. 1001 at now are We
https://t.co/WAuI0nRNzX #Trump2016 Indiana! you Thank
enablers! great time all the of one also is presidency the for run ever have to person dishonest most the perhaps Clinton Hillary Crooked
arrival! on dead - deal dumb a What up. blown just has Kasich John 42 for 1 and Cruz Lyin'Ted between made deal ridiculous the Wow
https://t.co/4P0tzvZn0e #Trump2016 back! be will I away. turned thousands with tonight people 31000 California! Mesa Costa you Thank
https://t.co/HEXBZeejBc Nominated. Not Trump Donald If Party' Republican the of 'End Levine: Randy President Yankees York New
https://t.co/c9WVhfyMzs #INDPrimary Enjoy! morning. tomorrow Knight- Bobby Coach legendary the with @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/ZHM5w7jnss #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/53qHBKs7yA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/Fn8ClNjUtr #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Indiana! Evansville you Thank
soon!https://t.co/dWSSOEctZn you See now! Bobby with rally to Heading
landslide! a in won up-I put were thousands where Florida of me Reminds Indiana. in broadcast being commercials T.V. phony and false many So
there! you See afternoon. this 12:00 at me) endorsed night last (who Knight Bobby great the with Indiana Evansville in be will I
effort own her in badly failed who V.P.candidate a chosen has victory to path NO has and Clinton Hillary beat never can who Cruz Ted Lyin'
Enjoy! morning. this A.M. 7:00 at @TODAYshow the on interviewed be will I
topics! other numerous on detail great in speaking be soon will I speech. policy foreign my of reviews wonderful the for all to you Thank
Bobby! with tomorrow speech Big Indiana. in stay my of highlight a been has Knight Bobby coach great the of endorsement strong the Getting
bad! not clean and new - Express Inn Holiday a at Staying people! Fantastic rally. great a had just we where Indiana in am I
https://t.co/C1GHUJazn0 Laura! you Thank
https://t.co/MpRtRwv51u it!https://t.co/FchYdKY4F8 forget never will I Knight! Bobby Coach endorsement the for you Thank
https://t.co/gTyn8GLGil #Trump2016 Enjoy! 7pmE! at Indiana Indianapolis from @greta- on me Join
https://t.co/MGKh77wQt8 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Island! Rhode and Pennsylvania Maryland Delaware Connecticut YOU THANK
https://t.co/biyldP3CIw Agreed!
https://t.co/FOh7qEnKUF Newt! you Thank
https://t.co/NaPPQNjVi2 Dave! Thanks
https://t.co/5jiSyvQiNj Thanks!
https://t.co/aKxoD24IN9 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will WE you! Thank
https://t.co/aYbOob1kiT you! Thank
https://t.co/FeXThmUWuo #Trump2016 Delaware! you Thank
https://t.co/EzCvm7yc0Y #Trump2016 Island! Rhode you Thank
https://t.co/3GGoVXSZSf #Trump2016 Connecticut! you Thank
https://t.co/mucxspuHnV #Trump2016 Pennsylvania! you Thank
https://t.co/hH3h6bRMIs #Trump2016 Maryland! you Thank
https://t.co/KL7VZbM1jP #Trump2016 America! you Thank
https://t.co/ZttNAmk1QS #VoteTrump Maryland! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Lets
https://t.co/GYeV6m1qOn Delaware! #VoteTrump to 8pm until have You
#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nAlgNIIdyo Island! Rhode yesterday day great a for you Thank
https://t.co/U1kbLMwhNI Connecticut! #VoteTrump to left hours Six
https://t.co/TWQM8AV9p4 #VoteTrump Pennsylvania! go Lets
way! its lost has Paper belittle. to trying Always constantly. coverage inaccurate most Times—the York New the is bad How
Lara!https://t.co/mPGpPFiDl8 and Eric Vanessa Don Tiffany Jared Ivanka Barron Melania support- incredible the for you Thank
Independent! an as run and them show should He otherwise. &amp; delegates with Democrats—both the by terribly treated been has Sanders Bernie
https://t.co/CMfcrZjHgM #Trump2016 @EricTrump. &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr you Thank
https://t.co/2XWN52IpH2 AGAIN!https://t.co/xhwhJuV3aa GREAT AMERICA MAKE
dumb! Very dead. almost and honored being not apart falling is deal a of joke This strain. great under is pact Cruz-Kasich The
https://t.co/FJbNlidwJF #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pennsylvania! Wilkes-Barre you Thank
#RIPrimaryhttps://t.co/ndi8sZI1Gt #PAPrimary #MDPrimary #DEPrimary #CTPrimary AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We tomorrow! VOTE and out Get
https://t.co/RYWjgPh9Ja #MakeAmericaGreatAgain sad! So Pennsylvania. in area manufacturing vibrant a once was what Passing
https://t.co/CF9SYBqka7 #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/Qva1QtmhpS Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary Chester West you Thank
https://t.co/GU3p28VMe0 https://t.co/V0d4CuS1xf #VoteTrump Island!#RIPrimary Rhode Warwick you Thank
night! and day of rest for Pennsylvania to Then rally. big Island- Rhode of state great the to way the On
work. deal a make can't - politician Typical him. for vote to Indiana of people the wants he that announced just Kasich
losses. 38 and win 1 only is and him stand can't openly who guy a with up team to has he when is Ted Lyin' desperate and weak how Shows
weakness! Shows one. on two a in (collusion) up team to have they so own their on me beat to unable are Kasich 38 for 1 and Cruz Ted Lyin'
Sad! them. with happy not are groups interest special &amp; donors Their desperate. totally and dead mathematically are Kasich and Ted Lyin'
DESPERATION! nomination. Republican the getting from me keep to order in collude to going are Kasich and Ted Lyin' that announced just Wow
irrelevant! Becoming down. way is which readership with paper failing seriously a is It doing. is @nytimes the badly how hear to happy am I
Tuesday! for good looking are Things rally. major a for afternoon this Maryland in be will I
you! Thank @jaketapper @CNN on advice and job Great .@AndreBauer
correct! be to prove will that commentary smart Very tonight. @JudgeJeanine on great was .@Borisep
win! will I Clinton. Hillary Crooked against polls the in rock a like drop will he ads negative with hit is Kasich John as soon As
Tuesday! on vote big a for Looking Connecticut. in campaigning day great a had I
job! Amazing today. @AP the by reported as increase ratings and ratings great his on @seanhannity to Congratulations
https://t.co/zVmhYsd4ir Thanks! you. of proud am I -- Times NY the in story great your read just -- Ryan Lynne
https://t.co/ofhbM9bcOI #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/qLXTzQPbEj #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Delaware! you Thank
https://t.co/qcuDCyBzCN #Trump2016https://t.co/GCtTKnNq06 Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Bridgeport you Thank
https://t.co/cLUCrZ2hdehttps://t.co/zUmuW5WPrk now: them Stop country. our killing absolutely are interests special and Establishment The
https://t.co/OoQAAKWUUq #Trump2016https://t.co/5eZ5nVQbE9 Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Waterbury you Thank
https://t.co/aGUHmO98Xm https://t.co/Dsa2v9X3ol #MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo:
https://t.co/1utaLLMfUa district! congressional your in DELEGATES TRUMP the for vote ALSO &amp; POTUS for Trump for vote your Cast Pennsylvania:
fast! this stop will I countries. other by stolen being are jobs where state another Connecticut in campaigning day the spending be Will
https://t.co/ie23QdsVTe #Trump2016https://t.co/Y3UBsxBQmg Pennsylvania! you Thank
https://t.co/62DKEm5XVm #Trump2016https://t.co/mWfLxYKPbk soon! back be will I Wednesday! on everyone seeing great Was Indiana! you Thank
https://t.co/8rqI4mQ3Tw #Trump2016https://t.co/uJCqbQYYWR soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you See California! you Thank
https://t.co/0NQLzbwuFo https://t.co/FJXjkZAAQf #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @DonaldJTrumpJr! you Thank
#Trump2016https://t.co/Uyq4sTYb0l movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain a is This Maryland! support incredible the for you Thank
missed! greatly be will He guy. wonderful and talent amazing an was He occasions. numerous on Prince met I
Ted. LYIN' out Drop 1237. to get can't he Now 1237. to get couldn't he because leave should Kasich said Cruz
unify! can Party Republican the that so race the of out drop both should They victory. to path no have Kasich John and Cruz Ted Both
out! get should both think I reason. same for out get should Kasich said He race. from ELIMINATED MATHEMATICALLY been has Cruz Ted Senator
Enjoy.7A.M. fun! be will it Hopefully Hall. Town major a in family my of rest the and Melania wife my with @TODAYshow the doing be will I
https://t.co/JbJYYpEsmo https://t.co/dNeTdMENdV #Trump2016 soon. back be Will day! the conclude to way great a what Maryland- you Thank
Indiana! to back manufacturing and steel bring to going are We
https://t.co/73uCyV6ql4 state! wonderful his in campaign to excited So Indiana. of @GovPenceIN terrific the with meeting a Had
https://t.co/pxvSL8cs3B #MakeAmericaGreatAgain soon!#Trump2016 back be Will Indiana! you Thank
https://t.co/2YT2Kxly9t Tower- Trump at night last speech my of video 360 this Watch #Trump360
https://t.co/zqUdaaSaXD #Trump2016 Indiana! to Off
Hillary! beat will I do. to thing nice a never spoiler a be is do can he all Now race. the winning of out mathematically is Cruz Ted
https://t.co/tK6mKZpFBl AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
forget! never will I York New you Thank
https://t.co/T1J0aUwMXl #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain love I York! New you Thank
me! about thing amazing an such said @oreillyfactor O Bill haters. angry panel Terrible watch. to impossible is it negative so is .@CNN
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/EuFxefFu0D VOTE!#Trump2016 and out get Everyone hours! 3 in close Polls
https://t.co/6x8Dag7REA #VoteTrump NY! GO #NYPrimary.LETS the of eve the on night- last Buffalo #NewYorkValuesin Discussing
https://t.co/9rup33Rl29 #PrimaryDay #VoteTrumpNY #POTUS.#Trump2016 for run a out rule never would I why discussing Oprah- with 1988
https://t.co/Q1NErOtW9V HELP? needed America when call- Issues Fiscal onUrgent Force Task House the did Who
https://t.co/awow5pyn7n #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016
https://t.co/lsKdqGFyvQ go#VoteTrump! &amp; video #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch and country backour take to Time AMERICA! GO LETS
https://t.co/tS6mWn2oth York!#VoteTrumpNY New inBuffalo speech closing #Trump2016 #ICYMI:
https://t.co/JBNYtk3FyE https://t.co/36c7PLAqyq #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: 3pm! at tomorrow Indiana Indianapolis in me Join
https://t.co/pu1vDiQlrV Eric! you Thank
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE COUNTRY! our for and York New for day big A
ENJOY! A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on am I
https://t.co/4ujDuOvLPj https://t.co/Z9QphVlZft #NYPrimary Buffalo! you Thank
#NYPrimaryhttps://t.co/awow5pyn7n #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
York! New hates Cruz devastated. Yorkers New many So help. 11th September and aid Sandy Superstorm against voted even Cruz Ted Lyin’
https://t.co/KyxbaW4fsL again! great America make will we York New
him against ads negative ZERO placed have therefore and threat a as him views nobody because Hillary against polls in O.K. looks only Kasich
K &amp; him destroy would Hillary ahead! VOTES of millions am bosses-I the to himself sell to has he so voters the with win can't Cruz Ted Lyin'
https://t.co/ZQHmkBDUnA https://t.co/AMFBymUXuZ #NewYorkValues Association! Police Veteran York New endorsement today's for you Thank
https://t.co/5rk1U4dQ7r https://t.co/VyxSXUEkZn #MakeAmericaGreatAgain soon! you see Will California! you Thank
Bernie! named socialist a had just she and opponents 17 had I that fact the for except Hillary than more votes of millions have would I
fun! such be Will against. run to want doesn't she person one the am I me. against ads on fortune a spending is Clinton Hillary Crooked
work! won't It bosses. Republican the from delegates his get to has he so him) of ahead millions am (I votes get can't Cruz Ted Lyin'
him. of ahead delegates of hundreds am I system delegate rigged a Despite Hillary. beat to able be never will Cruz Ted Lyin'
fun! be will crowd Big Island. Staten morning this places favorite my of one in be I'll
https://t.co/x0smlMCWau #NYPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/pwFFHyzSE6 #Trump2016 Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain and Maryland Connecticut California you Thank
https://t.co/caMLixZfda #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/z9LOIkEyOq #NYPrimary York! New County Dutchess tomorrow you See
https://t.co/ZhaxXnAohm #Trump2016 Enjoy! FOX. on 8:00pm PA. Pittsburgh from hall town of Rebroadcast tonight. Hannity on be Will
https://t.co/agy5p8NCox #NYPrimaryhttps://t.co/9oHimG204Y SYRACUSE! YOU THANK
https://t.co/vOEQDsEAKC #NYPrimary jobs. needed desperately the back bring will We place! great crowd Big NY. Syracuse in arrived Just
https://t.co/s5pUEdCWI0 morning. this @foxandfriends #ICYMI:
primaries! Republican controlled boss and rigged the about talking be will I A.M. 9:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
#Trump2016 3pmhttps://t.co/UdOZzisJhA - WATERTOWN NOONhttps://t.co/Eu43S1wJN94/16: - SYRACUSE #NYPrimary4/16: weekend! this me Join
#Trump2016https://t.co/KzGweIxaEo @NYPost! you Thank
https://t.co/PTKkrLeuCB #Trump2016 America! you Thank
AGAIN!https://t.co/VxVOG3c5RZ GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/yfJZUlDdCM #Trump2016https://t.co/F6JkPKb1hn #NYPrimary York! New Syracuse in Saturday- on me Join
https://t.co/7WHS3vbXSw #Trump2016 Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pittsburgh you Thank
vote! your take bosses the let Don't afternoon! Friday on Colorado in march protest Big
voters the with win would I knew bosses their and pols the because June in race the entered I after shortly Colorado in CHANGE DID rules The
voting! from precluded been have people million one over where Colorado of State great the in happening now is politics in story Biggest
https://t.co/8IJ40zKS90 #Trump2016 Enjoy! Pennsylvania. from 10pm at tonight @FoxNews on @SeanHannity by interviewed be Will
https://t.co/TrKj5lGXup #TrumpTrainTickets: #Trump2016 7pmE! at tonight Pittsburgh- in me Join
https://t.co/249n3yLQxS #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/l5TyL8U4e8 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
(EASTERN). A.M. 12:00 at rebroadcast be Will family. wonderful my with tonight @andersoncooper on be to Great
https://t.co/dbTDhYAX1v #NewYorkValues YORK! NEW LOVE I
https://t.co/2lyqnMRIGq #Trump2016 soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you See Pennsylvania! and York New Maryland California YOU THANK
https://t.co/AVTkCAne5w #MakeAmericaGreatAgain delegates. 12 additional an with winner- official the as #Trump2016 confirmed just Missouri
https://t.co/WSVmdI8vfZ https://t.co/kuvCXJXjcr #Trump2016#NewYorkValues support! your for you Thank York! New poll- new great WOW
https://t.co/WcItUuxej8 #Trump2016https://t.co/IAOuSY5VDC York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain New Albany you Thank
https://t.co/VGCdQubia1 available: #NYPrimaryTickets tomorrow!#Trump2016 NY- Rome in me Join
https://t.co/rY5zqUX9Wu #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 York! New you love I time! start 7pmE York! New Albany in live me join &amp; in Tune
https://t.co/gLuMitRitg @FoxNews. and @USATODAY of @KirstenPowers writer good very a by piece interesting very A
exciting! Very expected. crowd massive now York New Albany for Leaving
so! think don't I vulgarian? total and complete a is (@oreillyfactor) O'Reilly Bill think media liberal the does Why
https://t.co/WLkmYjJJR9 Convention GOP at Ballots from Scratched Delegates Trump Colorado
https://t.co/wNXRqVl9Uu trouble! in is party Repub bypoliticians. disenfranchised being people country—great our over all happening is This
Enjoy! A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
allowed! be not will This politics. in story Biggest politicians. phony the by them from away taken vote their had Colorado of people The
unfair! totally - anger Great Primary? Republican the in vote to got never Colorado of State great the of people the that possible it is How
#Trump2016https://t.co/TvFgM4TqKj #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
system! Bad campaign. Cruz by goodies of sorts all offered are they because delegates non-representative get then and votes in state a win I
more! suckers-no the are We them. of defense our for U.S. the pay to nations other want I inaccurately. so me covers purposely @nytimes The
https://t.co/eKCEWRD0Ro #NewYorkValues today. @MELANIATRUMP wife my with Museum Memorial 9/11 the visit to honor great A
that! with along go can I ability making decision her on Based president. be to unqualified is Clinton Hillary that says Sanders Bernie
fight must still me else anyone than votes more millions many and delegates most the far by have will who person the that shame a it Isn't
@johnrobertsFox @BretBaier. by Anchored ET. PM 8 at night Sunday and night Saturday @FoxNews on air will Disrupter” Trump—The “Donald
https://t.co/sCrj4Ha1I5 Security. National on me beats Nobody
https://t.co/x6Ne3sjAWz doubt. no had I NATO. about right was I like Looks
https://t.co/EHL702civ5 person. terrific a is Jennifer
it! loving and campaign) I while business major a running still am I (remember things many on up Catching York. New in be to great So
https://t.co/83ur9C1qhB forget! don't we values- York New and Yorkers New attacked Cruz Ted
https://t.co/hjygbNsxee #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
home! be to great Island--- Long Bethpage in Yorkers New amazing 17000 front in speech a made Just evening. Unbelievable
fiction! Pure @oreillyfactor. the on be to scheduled not was I
Island! Long Bethpage in tonight rally great a to forward Looking home! back be to great so is It
#MAGAhttps://t.co/HjnGrR25Vf #Trump2016 VOTE!#WIPrimary and out get to time Still
https://t.co/xTvGLDXY5O journalists! dishonest bad -- Goodnews quitting. everybody almost with disarray total in is @Politico Wow
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Wisconsin
https://t.co/cXvX5SCF3c MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we &amp; today #VoteTrump open! now are polls The Wisconsin! morning Good
AGAIN!https://t.co/iiXHgM7aA2 GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/znfxf2wyrr #Trump2016 #WIPrimary Enjoy! Wisconsin. from @MELANIATRUMP w/ 10pmE at tonight @FoxNews- @SeanHannity on be will I
AGAIN!https://t.co/yypR5snYBC GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/2C4HEwrTQF #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/AoTBAQgcZr #Trump2016 you! Thank now. Wisconsin Superior Leaving
https://t.co/Bf95GysWDN you! Thank tonight. coming one big a with there speeches two made Just Wisconsin. from news great Wow
show. entire the for me join will Melania wife My tonight. #Wisconsin from @FoxNews on @SeanHannity on interviewed be Will
@TrumpGolf!https://t.co/RuuTippjw1 you of proud all are We Herman! Jim Congratulations
https://t.co/7umXgUjEzi #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/xk2cVAz0eY #Trump2016 you! Thank Wisconsin. Crosse La departing Just
holder. copyright the from report a to response in withheld been has @realDonaldTrump from Tweet This
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE crowds. Big Monday. on me joining is Melania people! great many stops many Wisconsin in day great A
https://t.co/syGyqtOebs https://t.co/4x9gw1RhWS #WIPrimary #VoteTrumpWI you! Thank Wisconsin! Allis West in night great A
#Trump2016 Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain now! Wisconsin- from hall town a doing @greta with @FoxNews on am I
going! Great clubs! @TrumpGolf all &amp; @TNGCBedminster you of proud all are We @ShellHouOpen. the winning for @gohermie to Congratulations
https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn #Trump2016 #WIPrimary us! Join @MELANIATRUMP. with 7pmE at tomorrow Wisconsin- Milwaukee in be will I
https://t.co/uTSIiVqPkT #Trump2016https://t.co/oYpUYJmpKI Diner!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Katie's Miss you Thank
https://t.co/sziCGsvGbz #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pennsylvania! and York New you Thank
https://t.co/alx0AY6E8J #WIPrimary #Trump2016 you! Thank
Enjoy! morning. this Wallace Chris with @FoxNewsSunday on be will I
https://t.co/JI5JqwHnMC AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA 5th!MAKE April Tuesday on #VoteTrump Wisconsin. Claire Eau you Thank
#Trump2016 Enjoy! morning. tomorrow @FaceTheNation on @jdickerson by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/a0iKqNepD5 #TrumpTrain #Trump2016#WIPrimary #EauClaire! in arrived Just #Wausau! &amp; #Racine you WISCONSIN!Thank IN DAY GREAT A
attack! nuclear a make to how explain to experts allowing for ashamed be should .@FoxNews
with! agree would you which nuclear on statements full my use never They today. Fox on words nice your for you Thank .@HeyTammyBruce-
party! the Unifying it! worth well meeting RNC TN. in delegate Trump a as #JohnRyder Counsel General @GOP have to honor Great
https://t.co/F7P4s6oAzN https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn #Trump2016Tickets: #WIPrimary Milwaukee! in 4th April Monday on me Join
reversed! rapidly be will U.S. the in happening things bad the of all win I if but trade and jobs of loss great a suffered has Wisconsin
deals! great make - home back jobs bring will I factors. big be will immigration and trade Jobs election. the until Wisconsin in be will I
millions! by her beat @AC360 with interview h to h My rock! a like drop would ratings her show her on me covering stopped @megynkelly If
BAD. positions! and words my misrepresents totally She show. terrible her on Trump Donald but anyone cover to @megynkelly for possible it Is
https://t.co/SULeDE2PYp AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
trade? about talking ad Wisconsin a out put just long so for trade on country our killing been has who Cruz Ted that believe you Can
https://t.co/05SjuRJFbf States! United the and Mexico between wall great a build must We
https://t.co/iEbcYqyk3i #Trump2016 soon!#WIPrimary you See Wisconsin! in today airing ad radio new My
https://t.co/h78ESEgEYg Ted? Lyin' like anybody Does
you. Thank endorsement—me! primary presidential a issue have agents patrol border 16500 America’s history American in time 1st the For
people! American the facing threat economic &amp; physical biggest the is border open our that said (NBPC) Council Patrol Border National The
again! Try delegates. 739 my than more is (Kasich) delegates 143 plus (Cruz) delegates 465 that ad their in said Growth For Club The
group! dumb a math.What incorrect with ad Wisconsin a up put just attempt extortion an in $1000000 for me asked Growthwhich For Club The
https://t.co/VlMynYN3sd #Trump2016https://t.co/aANxirUJJD #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/ONDROBrDwr #Trump2016 YORK! NEW YOU THANK
https://t.co/uJnmDnvkUv https://t.co/09hTbBgPHf #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain AMERICA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/IOBhOXeBiN #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/4tymy651ZP 5th! April Tuesday next #VoteTrump WISCONSIN! YOU THANK
happen! will it and --- together Party the bringing to forward Looking @GOP. the and Priebus @Reince with meeting nice very a had Just
https://t.co/tr1ILOoLUb https://t.co/2GD1TT8fXc #Trump2016 Strength. Through Peace Doctrine: Trump The
https://t.co/klUNUV2J5S https://t.co/XkbTWHpEvy #Trump2016 Wisconsin!#WIPrimary Appleton you- Thank
https://t.co/Up8DhQulZ4 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain TRUMP! pick to wisdom the having for @CNN to Congratulations
https://t.co/D8RBfufIwH 2005. Wisconsin Miss Young- Melissa with prayers &amp; thoughts your keep Please
https://t.co/fSgpKjwk2q #Trump2016https://t.co/PuqiM93zOS YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain NEW YOU THANK
nice! Not me. to nasty being @CNN on is he Now dog! a like fired NBC by TV of off thrown got .@DavidGregory
delegates! more 12 least @ me- for increase vote 365 a show #'s certified New WINS! TRUMP MO. of State GREAT the in announced just #'s Final
https://t.co/ZWZkHrtRQN #Trump2016 you! Thank
reporter:https://t.co/EKU5QMgjd4 a bruising for charged manager campaign defends Trump
https://t.co/sVUWI7JoGn #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! Thank
AGAIN!https://t.co/0w4ldD7dW3 GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/HQB8dl0fhn hand?? her in is What conference? news leave I as me touching reporter this is Why
https://t.co/N5815RS1At tune. her changed she facility my from tape was there out found she when statement- reporters the was This
https://t.co/qbW2RjkINX charges? press I Can questions? shout and me grab to allowed she is Why over. was conference press Victory
tape? on was episode the out found she before is that happened what to as statement earliest reporters this at looking people aren't Why
there! tapes-nothing at Look reporter. a assaulting with charged just was man decent very a and manager campaign my Lewandowski Corey Wow
Cruz? killing am I where poll SAME the show not do but Bernie vs Hillary for Poll @NBCNews new the show @chucktodd &amp; @TODAYshow the come How
RNC. the or Party Republican the by properly treated being not am yet and Kasich or Cruz than dels more votes/hundreds more millions have I
tonight! town-hall their do shouldn't I Maybe reporting. unfair and one-sided Really shows. their on opponents my but nothing has @CNN Wow
AGAIN! STRONG AMERICA MAKE &amp; AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE vigilant. and tough smart be must we games No ASAP. borders our secure to need We
imm! illegal &amp; jobs on focus should You delegates. and votes in you of ahead way am and debates all in you beaten already have I Ted Lyin'
debates all won have I polls on-line and DrudgeTime to according But again. debate to wants he now so big losing &amp; weak is Cruz Lyin'Ted
me! endorse ever would he way no Primaries Presidential the in others) all and Marco Rand Jeb (and Walker Scott Gov. beat I way the After
President! am I when end will This cities. our over all are gangs international that released Just
must! a SHARE FAIR PAY to others want also but mission current as well as terrorism on NATO refocus to want I that incensed is Cruz Ted
learn! ever "leaders" so-called our will When American. an killed has Gitmo from released detainee A
https://t.co/batAmur1FD Pundit: Gateway the via Story" Cruz Shopping Aggressively was Operative Trump Anti- Powers: "Kirsten
Wisconsin! in week the spending to forward Easter-look great a had good looking are Things 7:30. at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
more! No up. give can we jobs many so only are There deals. trade one-sided bad such make to continue cannot States United The
https://t.co/Okc8XajVnz Trump! not Rubio from came story this says mine) of fan (no @DailyBeast the even Ted Lyin' See
coming Cruz-Lawsuit than delegates less get and Louisiana of State the won I be can politics primary Republican unfair how you show to Just
JOBS! great! and strong it make will I again. country great and strong a for looking all are we Hopefully honest? be pundits the can't Why
solve can alone I injured. dead400 67 least At children. &amp; women Christian targeting Pakistan in time this attack Islamic radical Another
day! great a have all to Easter Happy
plaudits! receiving finally now are U.S. the for unfair) (and expensive too disproportionately and obsolete being NATO on statement My
others the than vision better far - correct. are saying am I things The biased. totally do is He again. it at is @chucktodd eyes sleepy Wow
Enjoy! morning. this @ABC on Week This on interviewed am I
others! like bought not am I voters the by this for credit little given am I While self-funding. is who candidate only the am I Remember
Election. General the in easily Clinton Hillary beat will I me. on job hit phony another just are they Polls @FoxNews the believe Don't
jobs in bring - again strong economy our make will I leaving. are jobs U.S. in else everywhere like and poorly doing is economy Wisconsin's
out! Illegals strong. be will borders our and strengthened greatly be will military Our Trump. J. Donald like Nation our protect will Nobody
story! with do to NOTHING had I me. by caused Enq.were National The with problems his that prople convince to trying now is Cruz Ted Lyin'
opposite! the just is it that know they when women respect or like not do I that people convince to way their of out going is press The
Trump! Donald than women for respect more has Nobody business. tough a is this Wow women on me after so is media The
laws! ridiculous leaders Weak talking. longer no is attack Brussels the of knew also who Abdeslam Salah massacre Paris in suspect Top
lot? a by - one number still I am How me. on spent was ads negative in million $67 that released just Wow
Ted! Lyin' hence - out it putting was PAC the knew He did. he Melania of pic cover GQ the over Cruz Lyin'Ted with fight the start didn't I
story! lost-monster I If it. about write to refuses press the but case U Trump the to ways certain in similar lawsuit federal big a won Just
https://t.co/PHgrT1Nl27 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/c3QEbexOwT Cruz- Ted Lyin' for Endorsements
sad! So it! know we as civilization of destruction the be will This Syria. from people in taking stop immediately must U.S. the and Europe
problem! this fix can alone I SO! YOU TOLD I U.S. in many Also Europe. infiltrated have fighters ISIS 5000 as many as that announced Just
time wasting is @abc jobs. their got ever left Walters Barbara great the since disaster total a is which View The on women the how Explain
"NO" THEM TELL I on. go to me asking constantly is air thr off taken be soon will it that badly so failing is which show T.V. .@TheView
FAST! AND - SOLVE WILL I CHANGE A FOR TIME years. for problem terrorism the solving on working been has Clinton Hillary
NATO! Muslims wall the build oil the take immigration Illegal media. the by criticized be to only right am I often how amazing is It
right! so was I article. critical a wrote @nytimes failing the and mess a and hole" "hell a is Brussels that said recently I when Remember
better! things make to nothing do years for develop problems other many and ISIS watched have who Graham and Cruz like politicians These
nothing! do ISIS about talk Both ACTION! NO AND TALK ALL - alike much very are who politicians two are Cruz Ted Lyin' and .@LindseyGrahamSC
run! pres his in (ZERO) badly so him beat I when me about negatively talking shows T.V. many so on gets @LindseyGrahamSC how amazing is It
now! is time the and renegotiate to time is It Why? N.A.T.O. of cost the of share disproportionate a pay We
on! focused currently is it things the of some as well as terrorism on focus additionally to changed be must and obsolete is N.A.T.O.
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
Joe! you without it done have not Could win. Arizona historic our in help his of all for @RealSheriffJoe thank to want I
race! the in many so been have there that in unfair is it delegates 1237 than more get and Cleveland before clinch will I believe I While
first! am and that of fraction a spent I nothing. got and $150000000 than more spent Jeb Ted. Lyin' hurts endorsement Jeb's having think I
me. copying are others &amp; Ted Lyin’ now &amp; beginning the from right was that one only the I’m terror. fighting in far by best the be will I
are! we where look and years- 20 for terror fighting office in been She’s terror. on speech prepackaged a deliver Hillary watched Just
oblivion! into him drove I that in Jeb blame can’t I Honestly Cruz. Ted Lyin’ hates truly he man a endorsed just Bush Jeb energy Low
politician. dishonest another just Douglas— Michael from lines and me from policy foreign steals Cruz Ted Lyin’
https://t.co/Dgqky0JiHO #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/MMPR0Omwog #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Arizona! you Thank
Ted! Lyin' him call we why That's Melania. of post photo model G.Q. the with do to anything had he that denied Cruz Ted Lyin'
Justices! Court Supreme great many for way the paving November in WIN big a have and together come can Party Republican the Hopefully
forget! never will I you Thank Arizona. in anticipated than win bigger Much
https://t.co/VMCzxrryG8 #TrumpTrain #Trump2016#WesternTuesday Arizona! you Thank
way! No in. flow Muslims the let open-and and weak be to borders wants today Brussels in attack horrible the despite Hillary Incompetent
wife! your on beans the spill will I or Ted Lyin' careful Be ad. his in shoot G.Q. a from Melania of picture a used just Cruz Ted Lyin'
belongs! emergency serious a under #POTUS a where Washington- to home get &amp; immediately Cuba in game baseball the leave should Obama Pres.
Shame. stronger! getting and forming are groups terror that correct politically so and weak so been have others all and Obama
#Trump2016https://t.co/kHigCSUnFC #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain @IvankaTrump! from message #UtahCaucus
#Trump2016https://t.co/WzTDekWJAQ #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AZPrimary @IvankaTrump! from message #ArizonaPrimary
https://t.co/bKruyYHFma #AmericanSamoa #UTCaucus #UtahCaucus #ArizonaPrimary https://t.co/NauXRQ2Q91#AZPrimary video: #VoteTrump
it. stop will I and stopped be must madness This tragedy. #Brussels terrible the of victims the of all to out go prayers &amp; heart My
https://t.co/8mnY3GFRzw tough! get to time It’s terrorism. about right been have I again time &amp; Time year. this earlier from clip this Watch
today! me for voting be will UT and AZ Hopefully close. even not it’s and anybody- than terrorism about correct more far be to proven have I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
badly! treated being is He Brussels. of shadows the in especially Cuba in speech his making ridiculous so sounds and looks Obama President
smart! and vigilant be must U.S. world! different a from is it anymore Not was. Brussels place a safe and beautiful how remember all you Do
respect No others. and Pope greeted He him. greet to there even wasn't Castro Raul and deal big a Cuba in landed just Obama President Wow
there! be will I Beach. Palm in Mar-a-Lago at tonight Dinner Republican Big
Wrong! back? fight can't I but show her on me about things bad say constantly to allowed is @megynkelly anchor overrated highly the So
supporters! my blames media the and hours by Arizona in RALLY my to entry delaying yesterday highway major a blocked protesters The
SAD! media? by blamed never are RALLIES my during roads/doors down shut punch curse scream who protesters horrendous the that it is Why
Enjoy! morning. this @ThisWeekABC on interviewed be Will
soon. back going be will but returned Just spirit. and crowds Tremendous great! were Arizona and Utah in rallies The
https://t.co/5itxkQxrLF #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AZPrimary Tuesday! on #VoteTrump and out Get ARIZONA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/CTgYrLnAWV Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain on #VoteTrump supporters! 6000 with afternoon great A Arizona! Tucson you- Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain work! great the up Keep say. you what with agree so I professional. journalistic true a are You .@AndreaTantaros-
it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain loves everybody fantastic- is It rally. big a had just we where Arizona from show your Watching .@jessebwatters-
#Trump2016 people! amazing two you- loves Everybody people. of group large a with #WattersWorld on you watched Just .@DiamondandSilk-
https://t.co/pU5vB1pBO5 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain love I Tuesday. on #VoteTrump and out Get supporters! amazing 20000 ARIZONA! YOU THANK
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE me! of off fortune a making are networks The time." the all Trump "all it's because 75% up are ratings @CNN Wow
https://t.co/uo287ZGvvQ #Trump2016 Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain in back be to Great
ways! many so in average so is She tank. totally would ratings her show terrible her on much so me cover didn't @megynkelly crazy If
me! on hits negative are shows her of all almost But ratings. good gets still she and show her on go (won't) don't I says @megynkelly Crazy
https://t.co/wyjV9DgdQA #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain love I York! New you- Thank
#Trump2016 amazing! be will events Tomorrow's now. Phoenix in Landing
dummy! him- around world the of awareness no with clown a is he time of waste total a is Times NY the of @nytdavidbrooks Reading
world! real the of sense no has he pundits- all of dumbest the of one him consider I Times NY the of @nytdavidbrooks met never have I While
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 expected! crowds Tremendous day. big a Tomorrow soon. arriving be Will Phoneix. to Heading
Ryan. Paul on take interesting very Has show! fantastic @loudobbsnews- Watching
back! be will Utah- Love interruptions. no with crowd fantastic Utah- City Lake Salt leaving Just
Missouri? runs guy Cruz's because be it Could yet? us for victory Missouri final the released they haven't Why
https://t.co/k5Ft585Arp you! Thank yet! poll Reuters highest My people. four with 49.7% - "ceiling" another yet reached have I guess I
Vets! great our of care taking time more spend should She immigrants? illegal for Obamacare wants now Clinton Hillary that believe you Do
tv. on person overrated most the &amp; sick is She Trump! on hit a Always watching. worth Never show. @megynkelly the boycott should Everybody
https://t.co/fTzaIvTX9b #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! love I Arizona- you Thank
https://t.co/1Yak4I5B7b #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain tomorrow! me Join
lost! he wonder No clue. a have doesn't who man up mixed a is Romney Mitt
1/2 Cruz. Ted endorsing is he now and Rubio Marco &amp; Kasich John with campaigning was Romney Mitt Candidate Presidential Failed
me! for good is This Cruz. Ted Lyin' endorsing now is down all us let and "choked" who man the Romney Mitt candidate presidential Failed
Hillary beat I LIARS! like don't Mormons - there win to allowed be not should Cruz Ted Lyin' rally. big a for Utah City Lake Salt to Going
https://t.co/suIfdiMg0Q NO! said- I Remember me. from $1000000.00 extort to trying letter- Growth for Club
Disgraceful! ads. negative with hostile went they NO said I When me. from $1000000 extort to tried Growth For Club
this? explain anyone Can up. go to continue numbers my establishment the by me against ads phony and negative of dollars of millions With
me. against opposition leading one the is he now RedStateand from dog a like fired got .@EWErickson
politicians! trusts nobody wonder No him. endorsed he then and – @SenTedCruz about statements horrible made @LindseyGrahamSC Senator
0! got Lindsey Jeb. backed Also endorsement. Graham Lindsey a - jinx the given just was he Tuesday-and on races five all lost Cruz Ted Lyin'
#Trump2016https://t.co/1cJ7OFbQiz tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Utah- City Lake Salt in us Join
life! professional her of most for corruption in involved been has Clinton Hillary
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/ESdiEftWGs know. me Let Cruz? Ted or Clinton Hillary Liar- Liar of reboot a in star should Who
Megyn! others on Focus me. to shows her devotes she yet and Trump about complaining always is @megynkelly crazy &amp; overrated Highly
mine! was Ohio and days more Two Ohio. won I if as good as just be will Tuesday on victories 5 my like Looking
https://t.co/HiOhRaTMbm Saturday. and Friday on Arizona in you See
them! of 11 all etc. Drudge to according won have and debate to love I that Board Editorial @WSJ the at dummies the to explain Please
me! especially anymore editorials their in say they what cares nobody is news good The math. at bad is .@WSJ
16.Apologize had opponents-I 3 only had she But knock. 7533692"-a is 8646551.Trump's is total vote primary "Clinton says Editorial .@WSJ
problem! big liars-a tolerate don't just and smart very are they that is vote evangelical the of much so lost has Cruz Ted lyin' reason The
me.Tough! on piece hit total a is show bad her yet - me against her defend not did @oreillyfactor that complaining now is @megynkelly Crazy
debating Cruz beat I question? same the ask people same the can times many How debate. additional the cancelled has @FoxNews that news Great
win! can't Ted worse. getting is lying his and desperate is Ted night. last show her on Cruz Ted lyin' had supposedly @megynkelly Crazy
Sad! Trump. with do to what Party Republican the telling now is loss historic Romney's Mitt of manager campaign failed the Stevens Stuart
@oreillyfactor Channel. News Fox the on pm 8 at evening this Factor O'Reilly The on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/iOzGtcBbia #Trump2016 Missouri! you Thank
Missouri! won just Wow
wins! 5 with me for day big a was Yesterday well. everyone wish I but debate @FoxNews the of night the speech big a making am I
support! your appreciate greatly I endorsement. your for Scott Rick Florida of Governor the to you Thank
$$! their save should establishment landslide.The massive a in won I &amp; Florida in me against ads negative of $35M had I weeks 2 last the In
well! very going are Things zero. Cruzhad Ted Lyin’ victories. amazing—5 was Yesterday
https://t.co/2yYy6Nyta9 President? a for want we what this Is
side! my on you have to Glad morning. this television on job Great .@RepTomMarino
you! Thank it! appreciate much very all we and night last great were You .@pastormarkburns
ENJOY! A.M. 8:30 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
ENJOY! 7:40. at @Morning_Joe on interviewed be Will
A.M. 7:15 at @CNN on @NewDay on interviewed be Will
night! last wins Big A.M. 7:00 at @GMA on interviewed be Will
https://t.co/PTfFzFno9p agree! I Marco you Thank
winner! a is She victory. election great our for Mar-a-Lago at us with been have could Tiffany daughter wonderful my wish only I
https://t.co/vcfstc6Wnb #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SuperTuesday Illinois! you Thank
https://t.co/hd4wtDonIB #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SuperTuesday #Trump2016 Carolina! North you Thank
unwatchable. is @megynkelly Crazy night! good Really news. local and networks other Watching
https://t.co/nzhnLQXrZg #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SuperTuesday Florida! you Thank
https://t.co/OoP4mls4lp #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Islands!#SuperTuesday Mariana Northern you Thank
over! &amp; big people two With race. in people four are there that mentions never but 43% at me about Talks anymore. Megyn Crazy watch Can't
soon! out Numbers Florida. in victory massive a had I ads phony and negative on spent amount record a despite that is Word
false. is this Hope Florida? in places various in ballot the on not is name my saying people from complaints of lot A
again. "sing" will economy Our it. do can else Nobody leaving. from companies our keep and U.S. the to back jobs our bring will I
Hillary! beat will I him beat would Hillary candidate? good a be he would why So 22. for ZERO is Kasich John far so voting presidential In
now! borders strong need We immigration. illegal on weak is Kasich others). many (and Ford losing now Mexico to jobs losing is Ohio
down. him put I until debate second in him Remember guy. nice a such like and innocent so acting - interviewed being Kasich John Watching
https://t.co/kxrn0ev4UF https://t.co/zyRctsFmSq #TrumpTrain Carolina?Ohio #SuperTuesday?Florida?Illinois?Missouri?North #VoteTrump
BACK! BRING WILL WE WIN I IF MORE NO etc. Mexico to Going 2000. since 400000 lost Ohio and jobs manufacturing 300000 lost Carolina North
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday you! Thank vote! the of 72.8% with Caucus Rep CNMI the of winner the declared been have I news- big in Just
https://t.co/H7sBEnSpYq #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump @IvankaTrump! daughter my from information additional Some Ohio! morning Good
etc.). borders open NAFTA for voted (who Kasich for voting by race presidential last the in down all us let who Romney Mitt reward Don't
lobbyists! by for paid and bought all are Cruz and Rubio Kasich campaign. his self-funding is who candidate ONLY the am I remember Please
WALL build A 2nd protect ObamaCare and Core Common end vets our of care take and military our fix America to back jobs our bring will I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE never will He years. many in Senate U.S. the in record voting worst the with immigration illegal on weak is Rubio
madness! this end and Trump Vote approved. TPP worse even the wants now and Ohio for disaster a NAFTA for voted Kasich
https://t.co/jC7cn1v18u #MakeAmericaGreatAgain it! about nice nothing is There Reagan. Ronald to happened even stuff of kind this Sadly
https://t.co/OReGiIS6TF #Trump2016 tomorrow. #VoteTrump &amp; out Get you! love I Ohio! Youngstown - YOU THANK
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain back! them bring will I Ohio. in industries steel and coal the decimate helped has Kasich
workers! American for bad hard- TPP pushing now is and Ohio devastated which NAFTA for voted Kasich Gov
#VoteTrump now! Tampa to Heading event. Amazing Carolina. North of people great the Leaving
Florida! you Thank crowds. Wonderful afternoon. this Tampa in being to forward Look
https://t.co/oAXBvcKIsr https://t.co/wG4RgOi1bW Video: #VoteTrump borders. have don't we if country- a have don't We
https://t.co/UvP03n7dQq #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ohio! Tuesday on #VoteTrump Pete! you Thank @PeteRose_14. from received Just
https://t.co/Q0qXDGCN1l TED LYIN'
people! bad Really check. fact to call even never and lies write knowingly They newspapers. worst the of one truly is @nytimes failing The
Tue. on Ohio in compete to allowed be not should &amp; nomination- the win cannot Pennsylvania-he of state the in run cannot Kasich Gov. Because
action!https://t.co/08xkEBD8Be no talk- All politician. another just is Cruz Ted agree! I Fiorina- Carly
https://t.co/1rmyCGSlsV massive! be will wins Republican party the of unification With Kevin. you Thank
@GolfChannel the watches only he television on anything or politics watch doesn't he that show morning a on stated just Ohio of Gov.Kasich
dying! coal and steel Ohio worse. even be will which TPP wants he Now recovered. never has Ohio which from NAFTA for voted Gov.Kasich Ohio
yours! to go will supporters my or Bernie careful Be events. my to go to told aren't disruptors his says he when lying is Sanders Bernie
problem! Big signatures. enough not Pennsylvania of state the in run to qualify didn't Kasich Wow
https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true jail! in be Should ISIS. to ties has He stage. the to running maniac the stopping job excellent an did USSS
way No D.C. from children your of education words other In Core! Common of favor in STRONGLY is Kasich John that know Ohio of people the Do
https://t.co/RAH45igqJI https://t.co/krYK2DiAlh #Trump2016Video: #EndCommonCore
https://t.co/IDmwG5FQsw Ohio! you love I Thanks- crowd. behaved perfectly Cleveland- in 25K &amp; Dayton in 20K speech. second my finished Just
politicians! Phony people. my to talk must I say they then and - Chicago in rally my disrupted who people Sanders and Clinton is It
fact! is that and --- Trump Donald is against run to want Bernie or Hillary that person last The
country! a run to way No Rubio. Marco little of behalf on Florida- in voting early dishonest for check to enforcement law asking are We
vote. the rig to overtime-trying working are minions their &amp; Chairman State his Marco Little dishonest. very is FL in voting is-early Word
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain cancelled! was it that reports false out put Media ON. is Cincinnati in rally The
https://t.co/ry2p5qGcFt #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain history! airport in largest supporters- 20000 Ohio! Dayton you Thank
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
soon! there be Will Ohio. Dayton to way my On
Ohio! you love - great be Will cancelled. was it that reports false out put Media ON. is Cincinnati in rally The
fraud! TPP of favor in Kasich Governor bust! be would they oil striking for not were it If U.S. the in increase budget biggest the had Ohio
Mexico! for good is Kasich recovered. never it which from disaster a - Ohio devastated NAFTA and NAFTA for voted Kasich Governor Absentee
America! energized totally have Chicago in rights Amendment First our down shut who thugs them of many people of group organized The
#Trump2016 today! #VoteTrump support! your for you Thank Guam! of people great the with phone the off got just I
https://t.co/hXwAK3iyPk #Trump2016 Torres! DLG Ralph Governor you Thank news! Great
https://t.co/11rEMu99qc conservative. &amp; woman great truly A Schlafly. Phyllis from endorsement an receiving me- to much so means It
https://t.co/MxVFHvHfS3 #Trump2016https://t.co/qM1Mwq05j2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Missouri! Louis St. you Thank
@NYDailyNews Zuckerman's Mort dopey Likewise news! Great money. much too Losing business. of out going is @politico that it has Rumor
https://t.co/ZQ0osiFEJQ
better."@RealBenCarson us of any make can he people- change can who God in believe "I concur. I Carson- Ben Dr.
https://t.co/BuJ1YFkjvm #GOPDebate you! Thank
https://t.co/8B0J8Xt3dh #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain America! you Thank
https://t.co/jeaiAvgEEC #GOPDebate Mark. you Thank
reporting. disgusting and biased totally - @FoxNews about correct all are you Wow
https://t.co/w7G5vJ511O #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio Politician Dishonest Another
https://t.co/hNkkRx66Hc #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain House. White the of out friends his and Marco lightweight Keep
losers! total are They me. on ads negative nasty out putting now is &amp; dollars million one for down me shake to tried Growth For Club Phony
#Trump2016 Hawaii! you Thank
support. wonderful their for everyone thank to like would I evening- great a was This
#Trump2016 Michigan! you Thank
#Trump2016 Mississippi! you Thank
https://t.co/WvTkL8mMHY #Trump2016 you! Thank
#Trump2016https://t.co/jOD54EGGmG America! you Thank
now! Jupiter Trump to going be Will me! against spent money that all with and Wow Mississippi! and Michigan in well very doing am I is Word
poll S.C. last after discredited totally are they leading am I While polls. phony their of one another with out came @WSJ / @NBCNews hear I
remember! watch you When #Mediafraud. total a are bosses politicians the by for paid me about commercials television negative The
Hawaii:https://t.co/MnIlk2l9hPIdaho:https://t.co/7y5RxLpZRQMississippi:https://t.co/n43cPeJIqaMichigan:https://t.co/GL5JiZbqIc
#Trump2016https://t.co/c6NHn6d6jX #VoteTrumpID!
#Trump2016https://t.co/cCCLxnisSO #VoteTrumpHI!
#Trump2016https://t.co/IWMxISjH6L #VoteTrumpMI!
#Trump2016https://t.co/KaHD0uENla #VoteTrumpMS!
Sad! me? against spokesmen now they are Why quit! and ZERO got president for ran Graham Lindsey it. blew and chance his had Romney Mitt
interests! special by for paid and bought are candidates other the of All campaign. my self-funding is who one only the am I Remember
VOTE! YOUR EARNED NOT HAS HE president. be to needed gravitas and ethic work experience the lacks Rubio says: Sentinel Sun
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/U1iTLmcbAc @EricTrump! you Thank
https://t.co/ZDbarevYAc https://t.co/fJw8Ax7E8P Video: today! movement the join and VOTE to out Get Hawaii: &amp; Idaho Mississippi Michigan
https://t.co/rnGoaprYuA America. for bad are &amp; terribly values conservative represent They group. dishonest very a is Growth for Club The
https://t.co/oq8jmoep7i Extortion! negative. went they &amp; no said I million. $1 for me asked that Growth for Club was it forget People
Ithttps://t.co/zw4o1DJgfB Against Was He Before Refugees Syrian Welcoming For Was Cruz Ted
Hawaii! me for Vote soon. very there be I’ll Honolulu. in hotel great my at Hawaii in people many employ I
you! Thank 10000! with MS Madison in rally a had I state. the left he there nobody was there Mississippi to came Cruz
Enjoy! @FoxNews! on EST 10pm at tonight @SeanHannity by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/cNe0skpB5i Rubio: Marco Senator lightweight concerning ad New
https://t.co/kqx8un1jnw market. your protect will I President As better. them grows nobody potatoes- your love I Idaho! you Thank
https://t.co/JGTD590pKE reviews. "excellent" submitted who ads- attack FL. in students Univ. Trump features Rubio Marco Senator Lightweight
industry! car protect U.S.and the to back jobs bring will who candidate presidential only the am I Remember Michigan. in being great was It
people! Dishonest establishment. R the and Rubio lightweight by ads television phony of dollars of millions the believe Don't
fun! be will crowd Big Carolina. North for Leaving
finish! Amazing Tournament. WGC great really a producing on Doral National Trump at folks the of all and Scott Adam to Congratulation
Florida scamming is he Senate in no-show record A Rubio. Marco Senator lightweight dishonest expose to Twitter and Facebook using be will I
ads! false in $'s of millions with MOVEMENT the ruin (twice) Obama stop not could who ESTABLISHMENT REPUBLICAN failing the let cannot We
credibility! ZERO have failures jealous angry nasty These Romney. Mitt candidate 47% failed like much T.V. over all is Graham Lindsey
nasty! Now out. got he when 0% to 7% from him brought run his destroyed I me. respect should Graham Lindsey candidate presidential Failed
Watch! Twitter. &amp; Facebook using be will I politicians? crooked for pushing commercials fraudulent of dollars of millions fight you do How
do to what pols your tell that bandits the GROUPS INTEREST SPECIAL by for payed and bought are me against commercials T.V. phony the of All
media! Dishonest false. mostly and biased totally – today me on job hit hour 1 a did @chucktodd and .@meetthepress
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE P.M. 3:00 at NBC on Watch great! doing are Scott Adam and Rory U.S. in resort Doral-best National Trump at am I
ratings! the in #1 are you wonder No morning. this interview professional and fair very a for @FaceTheNation and @jdickerson to you Thank
https://t.co/tSpFBn6Ruxhttps://t.co/KFmotmqfnN letters: these signed who people 2 featuring TrumpU on ad TV a made Marco lightweight Fraud
Disgraceful! case. the abandon to wants suit University Trump phony the in plaintiff primary The
missed! be will She woman. amazing an was President great truly a of wife the Reagan Nancy
clue. a have doesn’t He all. them of dumbest the being on in closing is Times York New the of Brooks David
https://t.co/ttwwvrTjwE #Trump2016 Michigan! you Thank
https://t.co/7cnWT9RGSr https://t.co/LHRNDKsoKh @IvankaTrump: you Thank #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to opportunity this miss not Do FLORIDA:
@jdickerson Enjoy! morning. this @FaceTheNation on interviewed be will I
great! states big two the won I loser. big the is and tonight trounced got Rubio Marco Senator lightweight that devastated is .@FoxNews
#Trump2016#SuperSaturday Kentucky! you Thank
#Trump2016#SuperSaturday Louisiana! you Thank
top! the at all Dustin and Adam Bubba Phil Rory tomorrow! Miami in @TrumpDoral Championship Golf World Cadillac the at be will I
https://t.co/0TUpaNfUmR #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump Robertson! Willie you Thank
#TrumpTrain! the with Orlando in so more even but Miami- in @TrumpDoral Championship Golf World Cadillac the at be to love would I
bag! the in is News Fox #LittleMarco. candidate presidential failed up build to try they as @FoxNews on announcers clown two watching am I
win! to how know don't lost- they But win. to how people telling TV over all are Stevens Stuart mgr campaign like advisors failed Romney's
it! knows everyone and joke total a is Romney choked! and guts no had who candidate disaster a was .@MittRomney
soon! there be now Kansas Leaving expected. crowd Massive long. mile a over is event Orlando the into going line The Kansas! you Thank
https://t.co/pTUlDXgPkP #Trump2016 #CaucusForTrump
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain honor! great A #KansasCaucus. at speech my make to ready Getting
#CaucusForTrump amazing! Really hall. the into get couldn't who outside thousands and inside- people of Thousands Kansas! you Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump failure. presidential his to due back runs he Now you. want didn't Paul Rand Kentucky of people the To
choice! 2nd his (1%.)KY himself of fool a Made caucus. re: Paul Rand candidate presidential failed to listen Kentucky in anyone would Why
before! seen never has COUNTRY GREAT our like movement a is This expected. people 25000 afternoon. this Florida Orlando in be Will
Kansas. in lines big Wow
for! paid and bought not am I campaign my funding self is that candidate only the am I that remember please voters today's of all For
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE open. polls now vote and out Go crowd. energetic and Big Louisiana. in night last time Great
fine!). was format (the CPAC Sorry caucus. to go then and Wichita in morning this speech Big day. exciting an be Will Kansas. in am I
#Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLdKcp it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain to forward Looking morning! tomorrow Kansas Wichita in me Join
https://t.co/0bf7BOlWEj #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/tI1h9xT9GX Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Orleans New you Thank
#Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLvlAZ it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain to forward Looking morning! tomorrow Kansas Wichita in me Join
https://t.co/94mFPx0EgH AGAIN!https://t.co/8RDmQCbHce GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We 3/8/2016. on #VoteTrumpMI Michigan! Cadillac you Thank
https://t.co/Q8eZU9yi6W https://t.co/BkvBzvsJ12 Kansas: Wichita | 2016 5 #Trump2016March #VoteTrumpKS
https://t.co/79y1KgC7S4 election: presidential 2016 the regarding today statement following the issued (R-Tenn.) Corker Bob Senator U.S.
https://t.co/9TBvy6obcE #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Michigan! County Macomb you Thank
https://t.co/W1biUNTvFk https://t.co/fNMPlXpkFf #Trump2016 America! you Thank
https://t.co/OLg6N3Ug9U #Trump2016https://t.co/JGmOd5gr5z VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ON POSITION MY
https://t.co/1K9u09CFQQ https://t.co/ldJ5EFp3HM #GOPDebate University. Trump for rating A an with report Bureau Business Better The
used. even ever I think don't company- helicopter owned Guy pilot! my not true not dealer- drug a was pilot my that ad out puts Rubio
https://t.co/n83Cbs4jtA https://t.co/jQed1P6SD9 Committee. Advisory Security National my of Chairman the as serve will Sessions Senator
https://t.co/eKGxNbG6wD #Trump2016https://t.co/6lMFR6z8xO Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain PORTLAND YOU THANK
#Trump2016 it! to forward Look hours. 2 in Portland in landing be Will Maine. of people great the see to way my On
forget. never will We #TrumpTrain. the join will followers Ben's of all hope I #GOPDebate. the at tonight @RealBenCarson miss Will
NOW! On Championship! Golf World the watch and Miami in Doral Trump to Go
win Easy students. by rating approval 98% court. to go to want I but me by settled easily been have could U Trump against lawsuit phony The
ago? years four endorsement my for me BEG Romney Mitt did Why
"Trump" of part no wants Hillary win. to how know doesn't who Romney Mitt a not am I Clinton. Hillary beat can who one only the am I
joke! a is Rubio Marco record. worst - vote to up shows even never Senator a as who guy a for vote Florida of people great the would Why
movement! this kill to wants Establishment down. going are Dems the while Party Republican the into people of millions brought have I
win! "R" big a bury to establishment the with working historyis presidential in races worst the of one ran Romneywho Mitt candidate Failed
messenger! good a Not elected. get to how Republicans telling be to going is Romney Mitt candidate failed two-time like Looks
POLS puppet your of think them see you Cruz.When &amp; Rubio own who groups interest special by ads TV false on spent being dollars of Millions
Sad! leave. all will they careful not are they If record. a voters new of millions in taken has Party Republican the me of Because
https://t.co/bHqg1rkFy3 https://t.co/IbcE5tsRf7 #Trump2016Video: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/RT8Gmf6WHL https://t.co/RWEnPUJO23 unify.Video: and together- get everyone and party Republican the see to love would I
(2/2) Obama. Barrack beaten easily have should who man the by move desperate another Just
(1/2) me. criticize to tomorrow conference news a having is Romney Mitt Candidate Presidential Failed
https://t.co/WwIVhIud06 here: reform healthcare on positions my about more Read ObamaCare! replace and repeal to going am I
it! Love nasty. turned has Rubio Marco lightweight since up far so gone have numbers my how Interesting Trump. for 49% hit just poll .@CNN
party! stronger larger a creating are millions-we the by voters new in bringing am I that see Party Republican the of leaders the can't Why
https://t.co/Trv1hj9hRI https://t.co/yxrRkJJSGG Enjoy! @FoxNews. on 7pmE at tonight @greta w/ #OnTheRecord be will @MELANIATRUMP wife My
angry! and desperate are bosses his Now money. and time much so spent he where Virginia in him beat even I night. last big lost Rubio Marco
voting! show no his &amp; sale house his scam card credit his out Check Rubio. Marco Senator lightweight for vote Florida in anyone would Why
me. on ads T.V. fraudulent and misleading on million $25 spending are (puppets) politicians our control who people and interests special The
#Trump2016#SuperTuesday Vermont! you Thank
#Trump2016#SuperTuesday Arkansas! you Thank
#Trump2016#SuperTuesday Virginia! you Thank
#Trump2016#SuperTuesday Alabama! you Thank
#Trump2016#SuperTuesday Tennessee! you Thank
#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 Massachusetts! you Thank
#Trump2016 Georgia!#SuperTuesday you Thank
https://t.co/xFwWRrro3l #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/frO6s3NKpp Lets 3/5/2016! on #VoteTrump Kentucky! Louisville you Thank Wow!
https://t.co/rGanPzZHmS https://t.co/w0eAglHeh8 #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump! &amp; out Get America! go Lets
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
https://t.co/D0tok8j6jj Ohio! Columbus you Thank
Haley! Nikki by embarrassed are Carolina South of people The
Georgia! and Nascar you Thank drivers. great sports the of many Also Georgia. in yesterday @NASCAR and France Brian of endorsement the Got
https://t.co/jNA5YON6hA #SuperTuesday tomorrow! #VoteTrump &amp; out get Everyone tonight! supporters amazing 15000 Georgia! you Thank
#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump VOTE! day- big a is Tomorrow you! Thank me! endorsed just has Leppert Tom Dallas of Mayor Former news- Great
#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/6UDcvm1GB2 #Trump2016 #NASCAR @RyanJNewman! &amp; @DavidRagan @chaseelliott Elliott Bill France Brian you Thank
https://t.co/KKHiBH554d surveys. student See principle! of out won't but settled have could I commercial. Rubio Phony
principle! of out won't but settled have could I rating. approval 98% a has University Trump
https://t.co/Zg0OhOdtkV tomorrow! #VoteTrump and out get Everyone supporters! amazing 15000 Virginia! you Thank
https://t.co/aTIXHgK32N Enjoy! @CNN. on 8pmE at tonight @AC360 @andersoncooper joining be will @MELANIATRUMP wife My
https://t.co/I6mhYnAcZ3 Rico." Puerto of friend no “is Rubio Marco Sen. hopeful presidential said Padilla García Alejandro Governor
https://t.co/BpKZcISeKi https://t.co/tzHtny48nQ #TrumpInstagram: #Trump2016
https://t.co/o0EB479uEF https://t.co/8hDC0YUobe Video: people!#Trump2016 American the YOU for work only and campaign my funding self am I
#Trump2016https://t.co/fQR48CVIbt York"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain New Democratic in Trump to lose could "Hillary
#Trump2016https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9 tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ohio Columbus in me Join
https://t.co/XKU8R5b8Lo https://t.co/ypLELkprpu #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 tomorrow! VOTE &amp; out Get America! you Thank
enjoy! kids Great 7:35. now @foxandfriends on are Eric and Don sons My
https://t.co/UL6t60TTjP #Trump2016https://t.co/Szs0QF88HR @SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you Thank
https://t.co/rOkldN7dat AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL WE Tuesday! on VOTE &amp; out Get tonight. supporters 32000 ALABAMA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/Z0XnapOu84 https://t.co/c4WjtoGpKT Video: do. they job incredible the for appreciation our deserve officers enforcement law Our
#Trump2016 now! Landing Alabama! Huntsville/Madison in assembled crowd massive the to announcement surprise big a making be will I
https://t.co/nmXmLDQuaa All' Us Betrayed Rubio 'Marco Schlafly: Phylis
https://t.co/gm2wurLjFz amnesty. Obama's pass to order in trash" absolute "like officers ICE America's treated Rubio Marco Little
https://t.co/mZwpynzsLb DISGRACE! offenses." "sex of guilty aliens criminal to amnesty gave Rubio Marco Little
https://t.co/HJWJeoZn4o #RobotRubio action. no and talk all is that politician D.C. Washington another just is Rubio Marco Little
ethic! work poor - votes many so missing for him stand can't people The Florida. in poorly very polling is Rubio Marco Senator Lightweight
https://t.co/NsLrHrqjdx politician. Washington another just is Florida from Senator show no lightweight the Rubio Marco Little
estab! for messenger bad A R! Harry by humiliated being after only then and 2012 21 SEPTEMBER until return tax his show didn't Romney Mitt
https://t.co/OIXFKPUlz2 disavow. I Duke- David regarding Friday on conference press the at stated I As
pol! action no talk all another is He them. for nothing absolutely accomplished has he when Cruz Ted support Texas of people the would Why
https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WATCH! brothers. Koch interest special the of "puppet" the be to set is Florida from Senator show no lightweight the Rubio Marco Little
us! join and Come stadium! football a to move to had we people many So today. Alabama in speech big a Making
get. can Republican other no that states get also will I (crossover). Indies and Dems of numbers large get will who Republican only the am I
PARTY cycles.GROWING past from increase massive a with votes more far got Repubs margins big by Carolina South won both I and Hillary While
pledge-careful the signed Trump.I "hit" to anything say to Rubio Marco Senator lightweight for pushing been has Establishment Republican The
Florida from lightweight the Rubio Marco little chosen have they is word (oil) trouble financial big in are brothers Koch the hear I While
https://t.co/S8gQ6cibhC https://t.co/xZ1eCJPo8T Video: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #StopCommonCore system! education broken our fix to need We
https://t.co/evoiSpn8PX AGAIN! GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We Tuesday. on #VoteTrump &amp; out Get Arkansas! YOU THANK
https://t.co/ZgxukBnQ3k https://t.co/FUWhYKhhNK TN. Memphis in @StJude of behalf on efforts his &amp; @EricTrump son my of proud Incredibly
https://t.co/G7G6HFP0Dh 2004. in back Parade Israel to Salute the in Marshall- Grand the be to honor an was It
liar bigger even an be may and Cruz as smart as not is He record. past my about crowd small a to lying Rubio Marco lightweight watched Just
guy. loyal Tough loss! their - @CNN by banned just was .#RogerStone
Amazing! World. the in assets estate real best the of some with company great a into it built and little very with business my started I
fabrication! total - didn't He says. Rubio lightweight like business my start to million $200 me gave Fred father wonderful my wish only I
people! amazing - version Republican the won just I when Carolina South of State great the win to hard so working Democrats the watch to Fun
Cruz! Ted or Rubio lightweight like interests special and lobbyists the by controlled not therefore am and campaign my self-funding am I
problem! no audit the After audit. an during returns tax their give would person sane no that agree media the throughout experts Tax
why? wonder I audited. get never who friends rich have I year. single every almost I.R.S. the by audited get unfairly I
Cruz! Ted lying and Rubio Marco lightweight about talking be Will A.M. 8:30 at @foxandfriends on be will I
https://t.co/ndKu8m8RY2 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Jeffress! Robert Pastor you Thank
https://t.co/SzdZzYOnDG https://t.co/DhANDG8uBd #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch: office. in day first my on do would I What
https://t.co/T2cBdktPbp #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 supporters! amazing 10000 Texas! you Thank
https://t.co/qygVFf6JFF sweat! you see them let Never
https://t.co/jVI6Q6JH18 #Trump2016 @ChrisChristie!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Governor friendship- &amp; support your for you Thank
votes! for up show even Doesn't dry. &amp; high them left he Florida- in Rubio like don't They
Meltdown. Mr. choker! a always choker a once and choker a is he is problem The night. last hard working was Rubio Marco Lightweight
honor! Great night. last debate the won I said poll every Wow
material! presidential Not stage. on boy little a like looks Rubio Marco choker Lightweight
failed! They movement. great our stop to effort ditch last a in night last up teamed Rubio Marco choker lightweight and Cruz Ted Lying
made! be to announcement Big early! there get - crowd Big A.M. 11:30 at Center Convention (Texas) Worth Fort at be Will
quit! then and Senator their as them represent to agreeing by them defrauded he when Rubio Marco for vote Florida of people the would Why
Loser! done. nothing gets talk despite and endorsement Senate one not guy nasty a is Cruz Tuesday. on Texas win to chance good a Have
plus! night-plus last debate the about talking be Will expected. crowd big Really Texas. Worth Fort in 12:00 at speech a making be will I
https://t.co/JGUopujRIk #Trump2016 exciting! be Will crowd. Tremendous Worth. Fort in rally a Having tomorrow! Texas in day Big
https://t.co/sLTmwVVM5I good. but easy Not evening. the enjoyed really I debate. the winning me have polls online the All
https://t.co/FvIUXMkrjj #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/At5vOiLCSy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Polls #GOPDebate you! Thank
https://t.co/in4raBhwqa #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
https://t.co/aht7wYVIUg #Trump2016 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL WE you! Thank
9/21/12. until returns tax his release didn't &amp; Reid Harry Senator by fool a like look to made was @MittRomney candidate presidential Failed
https://t.co/0JCjfbcpJZ #Trump2016https://t.co/nvgOPoo5qf #MakeAmericaGreatAgain YOU! THANK
uproar! a be would there that did I If apologize! must He wall. the discussing when word F the used horribly Fox Vicente Mexico of PRES FMR
landslide! a in me to lost and win- didn't He over. it's Carolina South win didn't he if that said Cruz Ted on Early
https://t.co/Ol0u2Krkwc #Trump2016 Illinois! you Thank
#Trump2016https://t.co/sUTcDoip3C night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain tomorrow Oklahoma in me Join
WIN! do- to unable totally was @MittRomney what do to going I'm
https://t.co/GUQo1TMsMo https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX tickets: &amp; AGAIN!Schedule GREAT AMERICA MAKE LETS
https://t.co/UdwqF4iZIZ ridiculous? this isn't return- tax recent a Signing
great! are They FEC. w/ statements financial my filed already have I worth. net someone’s w/ do to 0 have returns tax info your for Just
latenow! Too sway. little a had he where Nevada or NH before it done have already.Should @marcorubio endorse just @MittRomney doesn’t Why
Dope! returns. tax on me pushing now is politics Republican of history the in candidates worst and dumbest the of one was who Romney Mitt
https://t.co/VHqAvsIyuW #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump Texas! you Thank poll. new Great
Poll. Q snd Poll https://t.co/45g7qpxq7T out Check head. to head Clinton Hillary beat do I that showing are Polls again. lying is Cruz Ted
https://t.co/o93j0A0BIR https://t.co/LWeckhLWNv VIDEO: VOTE movement!#Trump2016 a is This EARLY! VOTE more many &amp; Georgia Texas
@CNN down! you let not will I endorsement. wonderful your for much so you thank Chris .@RepChrisCollins
problem! no - votes his of most get will I clear to begins field the and race the quits Cruz Ted When
recently until citizen Canadian a remained years-and 4 for there lived Canada in born was he when Cruz Ted "liar" for vote Texans would Why
win! not could he known have should all we that goofy and awkward so was he around time last endorsement my for me asked Romney Mitt When
guy tough playing now is fool a like look him made returns tax whose and won been have should that election an blew totally Romneywho Mitt
true but Sad more. up pick will I out drop others When 46%. to got I how is That supporters. Bush Jeb many up picked I that show polls The
https://t.co/IVSR0hmh5g AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
fired! be should He @KarlRove. dopey was victory-- landslide nights last about bad anything said who one only the television- of all In
https://t.co/LgucYLxFgG here: Watch now! beginning Robertson- Pat Dr. with forum Presidential @RegentU Virginia in am I
https://t.co/fUzX92RYIm #Trump2016Watch: people! American the to it owe only I anything! anybody owe don't &amp; campaign my funding self am I
yet! them on started even havn't I and Bernie and Hillary both beat I that say @QuinnipiacPoll and Poll .@USATODAY
sick! is Rove victory. my belittle to hard working is @FoxNews on @KarlRove Rubio. Marco and Cruz Ted for Nevada in night last defeat Big
you! of proud all are We offer. to much so - heart big a with strong and smart Poised morning. this television on great did @MELANIATRUMP
ENJOY! A.M.). (8:30 now @Morning_Joe on @morningmika by interviewed be will Melania
https://t.co/uVBGpXzICo https://t.co/e0HX1zekX8 realdonaldtrump Username: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat! NEVADA!#Trump2016 YOU THANK
https://t.co/zVvyVCIaD4 https://t.co/ClAnLIg0AD AGAIN! GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE WILL WE NEVADA! YOU THANK
CAREFUL. BE bad! are They people. Cruz the by mislead not are and line Trump the on get you sure Make
https://t.co/FQSEKWxnwj Enjoy! @MSNBC. @morningmika w/ @Morning_Joe on 8amE @ morning tomorrow @MELANIATRUMP- wife my w/ interview Exclusive
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE SITES. CAUCUS VARIOUS AT BE WILL I NEVADA. P.M. 8:30 TO NOW FROM VOTE GO
Enjoy! - @morningmika by Interviewed 8:00. at morning tomorrow @Morning_Joe on be will Melania wife My
https://t.co/sO5h9LmIMg https://t.co/Ryp3DwNe0uhttps://t.co/n74lmDoRQO Finder: #NevadaCaucus Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV Sparks you Thank
ads. negative doing are they now and no them told I dollars. million $1 seeking office my to came that group the is Growth for Club
didn't! pundits happen would that knew I me. supporting now are @JebBush supported who people many that @FoxNews on reported Just Great.
K! beating points 5 by leading me Shows poll. Ohio great Wow
Nevada! in invest &amp; love I out. and in fleeing be won't I - night and day all Nevada in be will I candidates Republican other the Unlike
https://t.co/5DyhPftng9 #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus today! Nevada Sparks in us Join
past. years from down significantly are numbers Democrats up! way numbers the at look just - tremendously Party Republican the growing am I
no! said &amp; out him figured S.C. in Evangelicals The again! over and dog-over a like lies then and air the into high Bible the lifts Cruz Ted
BAD! comm. of director his firing in panicked totally he way the at Look President. be to "temperment" right the have not does Cruz Ted
panicked. Ted dog! a like goat-fired scape a as him used He communication. of director capable very his to disloyal Cruz Ted was Wow
immigration. illegal on weak and amnesty of favor in is He S.C. in badly so did he because now immigration on tough talks only Cruz Ted
https://t.co/scdxT24Dye #VoteTrumpNVhttps://t.co/cZlNRrFtW3 NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus VEGAS LAS YOU THANK
https://t.co/IW9s9noxDT #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV AGAIN! GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We Nevada! Vegas Las in now live- me Join
lie-crazy! Another citizens. as back right come would administration my by country of out sent illegals that @oreillyfactor on said Cruz Ted
dope! a run never would I said @brithume biased. and boring watch to time of waste total A tonight. @oreillyfactor on job hit fat big A
@FoxNews on @seanhannity by conducted (Eastern) P.M. 10:00 at tonight Hall Town Great
https://t.co/8KGOpqDb9t #VoteTrumpVT Vermont! you Thank
ARG Via: 9% 12%Carson 12%Rubio 17%Cruz 35%Kasich #VoteTrumpMITrump Michigan! you Thank
@SurveyUSA 7%Via 10%Kasich 18%Carson 18%Rubio 36%Cruz 3/15!Trump on #VoteTrumpNC Carolina! North you Thank poll! Great
#VoteTrumpMAhttps://t.co/mNbDUPrEeh soon. you See Massachusetts! you Thank WOW!
clown! a is Stevens badly. so lost Mitt why know I Now Stevens. Stuart Strategist Campaign Romney Mitt incompetent very the watched Just
Poll/SIU 6%Simon 8%Carson 13%Bush 14%Kasich 15%Rubio 28%Cruz 3/15!Trump on #VoteTrumpIL news! Great Illinois! you Thank
https://t.co/mx5rxf4oHl #Trump2016 #Hannity Enjoy! 10pmE. at Nevada Vegas Las from tonight- @seanhannity on be will I
Sad. happen! this let won't probably leadership Republican and RNC Weak Iowa. in win fraudulent his from disqualified be should Cruz Ted
crazy? man this is - lies many so in caught got He tricks. dirty more false totally - Cruz by ad phony the saw Just
support! Evangelical lost has he wonder No tricks. dirty and fraud for Carson Ben and Rubio Marco to apologized now has Cruz Ted
politics! in liar Biggest Ted. down ad Take fact. in basis no - false ridiculously so is that me about ad an playing been has Cruz Ted
tricks! dirty More Director. Communications his fire to forced just was and Bible the mocked Rubio Marco suggested falsely Cruz Ted Wow
done. be to this allow would that bill the on vote the missed Cruz Ted yet and Reserve Federal The audit to important so is It
https://t.co/56gkQTM7oc https://t.co/1JEdwPPCux Video: #VoteTrumpNV #BikersForTrump @paulteutulsr! endorsement your for you Thank
angry! very are country our of people the and anger showed I debate. last the of because Carolina South won I saying now are people Many
hide! to lot a have they careful be better They me. against $'s spending secretly are Cubs Chicago the own who family Rickets the hear I
liars! like not do Evangelicals and LIAR class world a is he because is S.C. in Evangelicals the lost Cruz Ted that reason The
Nevada! WIN to volunteers and teams wonderful my with working be will I International. Trump far) (by hotel best the at Vegas Las in am I
WIN! category. and group every - landslide a in won I yet and was Cruz CarolinaTed South win to expected not was I ago months of number A
https://t.co/WqvxMwJk2S https://t.co/wHfraU67yX AGAIN! GREAT AND SAFE AMERICA MAKE Lets now. Nevada for Leaving Georgia! Atlanta YOU THANK
https://t.co/U1HoDmuuH3 Carolina! South you Thank
https://t.co/4twxJ4blje Jeb. re: MSNBC on night last account parody a from read was quote A
biased! wrong.Totally so been paper a has Seldom Board. Editorial its and pollster its both fire should Journal Street Wall @WSJ failing The
Enjoy! shows. talk morning major the of all on live be will I
it! got Carolina South of people Nevada.The and Atlanta for now leaving win Big support. and help amazing your for @SarahPalinUSA you Thank
LOVE people! amazing truly with place special a Carolina South you Thank night. great a What
(HOPE) victory! vote one a with happy be would I win. possible a like looks it Now Carolina. South in chance no me gave (pundits) People
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE and (today) now Vote hands. their in country our of future the have voters Carolina South
it allow Don't in. pour Syrians and illegals as strength needs Carolina South immigration. illegal on weak very is Rubio Marco that Remember
go! not did he that sad Very Mosque? a in held were it if Scalia Justice of funeral the attended have would Obama President if wonder I
candidates! other all control totally interests $ and Lobbyists campaign. his self-funding is who years) many (in candidate only the am I
pol! lowlife true a is fact in but Bible the up holds He Robocall. sleazy and sneak a with out came day) election (on just Cruz #Ted Lying
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
now! third a for Going people. great crowds Big Carolina. South in speeches major two finished Just
Cal from couple terrorist Islamic radical regarding authorities to info cellphone gives Apple as time such until products Apple all Boycott
smart! be &amp; tough get to time is It security. demand should &amp; needs country Our suit. follow will others Hopefully
info. give they until Samsung using be only I'll terrorists the on authorities to info give doesn't Apple If Samsung. &amp; iPhone both use I
https://t.co/4Q7oJHKoqV https://t.co/9cqt78cGiT jobs-video: of thousands of tens creating projects– complicated &amp; great many so built have I
https://t.co/6hP6PzPkY5 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/zIn9Zl4Ukx #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! will who one only the am I twice! #ObamaCare upheld who Roberts us gave Bush and Cruz Remember
candidates. other the like companies insurance and interests special the not – people the of care take to going am I and self-funding I’m
consumer. for freedom &amp; choice Maximum lines. state across purchasing allow &amp; accounts savings health plans private with it replace will I
better. much something w/ it replace &amp; entirety its in law the eliminate will I conditions. pre-existing for backstop a to referring was I
period. mandate the including #ObamaCare of all repeal will I consistent- been have &amp; Cooper Anderson by healthcare about asked was I
https://t.co/KEx85mQxEv https://t.co/5NZw5Bs6NR Video: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrumpSC #SCPrimary @IvankaTrump! from message A
https://t.co/Q2qxHINAHo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will We tomorrow! vote and out get Everyone Carolina! South you Thank
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC Enjoy! 10:10pm. at @AndersonCooper w/ @CNN and 10pm at @SeanHannity with @FoxNews on be will I Tonight
https://t.co/3XpJvBZuk5 #VoteTrumpSChttps://t.co/wG4RgO0pNm #Trump2016 AGAIN! GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We
https://t.co/AqRhLydI0u #Trump2016 Party!#SCPrimary Watch Primary Carolina South the for night- Saturday us Join
https://t.co/VauoRmgcVz #Trump2016 #SCPrimary Carolina! South Charleston in night tomorrow us Join
Pope:https://t.co/iWDjTIQyhE the to Response
liar! a is Cruz Ted that Rubio Marco with agree I
joke! a is poll phony worse.Their is @WSJ dying But unbalanced." and "unfair to balanced" and "fair from theme their changing is .@FoxNews
https://t.co/ZkXPm9lPL1 #VoteTrumpSC AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL WE Together Carolina! South you Thank
https://t.co/nrcrU08sQ6 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/oqv2dSa1ET #Trump2016https://t.co/U9L0ja3frk America! you Thank
badly! so doing is WSJ wonder No joke. total a is Poll Journal/NBC Street Wall The Trump. for lead massive - out just Poll National CBS New
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE day. BIG a is Saturday - polls State the of all in big leading are We Carolina. South in being love I
Bernie. and Hillary both beat I matchup head to head a in that shows numbers big by lead I where Poll National Today USA out just The
poll. WSJ/NBC phony the on report to wants only press the the polls Today USA and and Q new the in numbers big by lead I while that Amazing
https://t.co/pG868uImBb #VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016 #SCPrimary Carolina! South Kiawah in tomorrow us Join
https://t.co/TRrdR0nlpM #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain AMERICA! YOU THANK
https://t.co/n6hGfdCWuv #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Nevada! you Thank
https://t.co/uMLm0Gd3lX #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Nevada! in 1% late. too far it's but cool look to wants He glasses. the of rid got and lenses contact got just Bush Jeb
home. go just and @LindseyGrahamSC mouthpiece dumb his take should he 1% at Bush Jeb shows poll Nevada out Just
negative! All win. to Trump want not do They disgusting. is it biased so is .@FoxNews
on? him put FOX does Why cred! no me- against zero got he yet and won't I says Graham Lindsey but easily Hillary beat will I
@FoxNews. on me about things horrible most the saying disgrace- in out dropping before run presidential his in zero had who .@lindseygraham
history! U.S. in president worst the perhaps from This - president" be never "would I said haltingly so Obama President how Interesting
Megyn! life a Get tank. would ratings her me Without negative? always almost me to shows her on time much so devote @megynkelly does Why
@donlemon @CNN Carolina. South in well really doing are We style! and knowledge great - words nice your for @kayleighmcenany you Thank
it! of much get will I is fact The vote. that of ALL up pick will someone race the of out drop Republicans when that thinks .@brithume
can! R other no that votes) dem-indie (and states win and Hillary beat will I that nothing know who @megynkelly and @brithume to Explain
#LSSC #Colbert Enjoy! @colbertlateshow. @CBS first show late a phone- by tonight @StephenAtHome by interviewed be Will
https://t.co/pIDqnY4IL3 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina! South you Thank
https://t.co/KayUN9rfIV Saturday! on VOTE to forget Don't block! the down Lines Carolina. South Augusta North in 2500+ the to you Thank
https://t.co/uLuDOHEIB2 https://t.co/v96l7tUFWy #MaitnerStrong hero. American true A Maitner. Andrew Captain of thinking is #TeamTrump
#VoteTrumpSC Carolina! South in day amazing An 5pm. at Watch today. Greenville in @PHussionWYFF with interview great a for down sat Just
https://t.co/tIBB3BMUvp #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! Thank
wonderful! were audience RNC stacked a with even results debate The down. Bush and Rubio Cruz big up Trump - out just Poll PPP New
same. the of more be will Today spirit. and people Great Carolina. South in yesterday rally major a and meetings at day full the Spent
https://t.co/6618Oi6vle #VoteTrumpSC you! Thank PPP. from poll Carolina South New
https://t.co/jXYLRDayB7 #VoteTrumpSC Saturday! on YOU!VOTE THANK Carolina! South Greenville in supporters amazing 10000 night! a What
https://t.co/cykncrrSRE support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain continued your for you Thank
#VoteTrumpSC https://t.co/9PGo56YTqt#Trump2016 CRUZ: SENATOR OF LIES THE TO RESPONSE
https://t.co/yZT3lSutt9 politician! clueless another Just --- Domain" "Eminent private massive Used hypocrite! a is JEB
(2/2)https://t.co/eiBCld77tV process. the in vet disabled a of advantage took &amp; Domain Eminent used Jeb
(1/2) me! criticizing when Domain- Eminent used he that revealed never &amp; clue no has he is truth the but liar a JEB call to like I'd
Careful! collapse? eco and War Iraq Center Trade World about questions for game fair he is Jeb(!) for campaigning is Bush George that Now
AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE - vote and out Get BIG! BIG BIG is Saturday week. all Carolina South in be will I
Canada in born - run to eligible be not may Ted them. destroy would Hillary candidates presidential electable not are Cruz Ted and Bush Jeb
brother! now mommy name.Then last his use to want even didn't and campaign failed his in family his from help want didn't Jeb(!) that Funny
didn't! but twice ObamaCare killed have could Roberts Court. Supreme the onto Roberts John Justice pushed Bush Jeb with along Cruz Ted
you! Thank forties! the into up way went I Poll CBS new the in Wow
bosses! the - interests special &amp; lobbyists the to given being of instead public general the to out put be should debates future for Tickets
ints special &amp; donors All distrbution. ticket of job terrible a did RNC the but won I said everyone almost and night last debate the Loved
https://t.co/VxyuDwZmC9 https://t.co/fFN9pisyQ4 AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we TOGETHER support! your for you Thank
Enjoy! morning. this CBS on Dickerson John with Nation the Face on be will I
https://t.co/gBnsNgomom Really? Roberts. John nominated have wouldn't he said he is- Cruz Ted liar total &amp; complete a what shows This
joke! total a - Biased on. people negative puts only @FoxNews lot a by debate the winning me has etc. Drudge Time poll every though Even
https://t.co/yVxFubckNs #GoogleTrends #GOPDebate
#GOPDebate nothing! means endorsement Your poll? Blaze own your in Ted- boy your beat I how see @glennbeck- Hey
https://t.co/Cwp6Ub5GqJ #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
dishonest! totally cred- zero has He nasty. still Krauthammer Charles Dopey etc. TIME Drudge big- debate winning me have polls All
can! who one only the am I $150M? with stage #GOPDebate the on else anyone beat can't he if Clinton- Hillary beat @JebBush can How
https://t.co/1IPVwX0avU father. my miss I you! Thank
#GOPDebate Lie! Texas- in domain eminent private used family his know didn't he tonight said @JebBush Lightweight
https://t.co/f0C429tvHO @MelaniaTrump.https://t.co/SnOnu6IHTC wife wonderful my with #GOPDebate the to way the On
facts! the misrepresents and lies then and high Bible the holds He cheater! a is Cruz Ted
LIES! positions. liberal hold I &amp; ballot on be not may I saying @RealBenCarson- w/ used he tricks dirty same again- it at is Cruz Ted Nasty
proud! you make will I - right are you hope I Convention. Mock Lee &amp; Washington accurate + respected highly the by chosen be to Honored Wow!
COUNTRY! our and movement Conservative the for setback massive a is Scalia Antonin Justice Court Supreme of loss unexpected totally The
tonight. debate the to forward much very look - Carolina South of people the Love
https://t.co/QiO0nwcFSA AGAIN!https://t.co/8pfvTZngrZ GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE will We Carolina! South you Thank
https://t.co/6hKW7Ssxz4 Email: pay. not Do campaign! my funding self am I authorized. not was RNC the from email List" Trump's on "Get
insight Great Newsmax! in article and @CNN on interview wonderful the for League Catholic The of head Donohue Bill to you thank big very A
#Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain withdrawn. been just has Notice campaign! my funding self am I pay. not do unauthorized Totally
RNC. the to contribute to you wants Trump saying notice fundraising a out put illegally just side my on not probably is which RNC The
https://t.co/bOIYQLqGRG Courant. Hartford via Mexico- to move for eliminated being (2000) America in jobs 600-700 additional an Now
https://t.co/8MQ4imuTTi #MakeAmericaGreatAgain watch! my under happen not Will sad. Very this. fix can who one only the am I
tomorrow. Carolina South in be Will people! fantastic - crowd amazing more even an with evening amazing an was It Tampa. from back got Just
possible? be that year---can per million $50 than more loses @NYDailyNews Zuckerman’s Morty little that is Word
soon. happen Will credit? some given be least at I will @NYDailyNews failing his closes Zuckerman Morty little When
back! be Will outside. 5000 Another instruments! musical w/out 1988 in John Elton by set record Broke Tampa! in tonight venue inside 11000
#Trump2016https://t.co/wd3LlMz01I AGAIN! GREAT &amp; SAFE AMERICA MAKE to need We borders! our protect and immigration illegal end will I
https://t.co/7zuMD4oxUq #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
S.C. in running now are @JebBush sleepy and @SenTedCruz cheater of interests lobbyists-special by for paid ads false of $'s of Millions
out! is he time this better do doesn't he If himself. of fool total a made he @marcorubio off knock to tried @JebBush lightweight time Last
citizen. born natural a being not for him sue to standing have I ads negative doing &amp; cheating stop act his up clean doesn’t @TedCruz If
sad! and desperate advertising- False SC. in me against interest special of fortune a spending is @JebBush Lightweight
ads. ill-informed &amp; incorrect of series a w/ hostile went they me from $1M extort to able be not would they that news the hearing After
get. not did they naturally which contribution $1M a demanding and office my into coming Growth for Club the about conservative Nothing
https://t.co/xZzUkjV3lLhttps://t.co/lPuprzJBQ5 primary. Florida the in TRUMP vote to 16th February by Republican registered be must You
dead! It's online. going by face save and close to preparing is Zuckerman Morty little by destroyed @NYDailyNews failing The
https://t.co/SZTq1QOXEg @IvankaTrump: from https://t.co/bHZ4JVckOpMessage Republican.Visit: register to deadline the is Tomorrow NEVADA!
dishonest? so is and much so lies he when Christian Evangelical an be Cruz Ted can How
3? all Perhaps dishonest. very or crazy liar worst the is Cruz marriage." gay on w/Obama are Rubio &amp; “Trump statement a out put Cruz Lying
https://t.co/Tqej1euLVL others? &amp; Putin on tough this be will he think you Do speech. during management by out thrown getting JEB Weak
https://t.co/XV7EIe7A2l #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will WE Louisiana! Rouge Baton YOU- THANK
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wow! in. get to mile a of quarters three are lines that out are Reports Louisiana. Rouge Baton in landed Just
https://t.co/p3yGL02ABA values? Christian preach he can How @RealBenCarson. w/ lies like polls push of denial after lie in cold caught Cruz
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 soon. you See crowd! large very a Expecting speech. a for Louisiana Rouge Baton to Heading
watching! are We me. on "pushpolls" dishonest and sleazy very doing to back are people Cruz the that voters many from reports getting are We
chance! million.Weak-no $120 Spent Iraq). of quicksand the into us got (who brother his and Mommy enlisted and up gave He Jeb! as failed Jeb
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE lost: is hesitates who she) (or He
DT Hi THEM! KEEP DIDN'T BUT base their to promises many so made that Conservatives of help the with Party Republican the was it Remember
apologize! Please blank. open an left word the said never I word. bad very a using me @Morning_Joe on group focus a showed .@MarkHalperin
capability! in difference Big 1st. in come to $3000000 spent I 5 or 4 in come to Hampshire New in $40000000 than more spent Bush Jeb
loser! total a - ink red bleeding is It looking. frantically is Zuckerman Mort little but @NYDailyNews worthless the for buyers no are There
local! education keep Core--- Common of rid Get Core. Common to opposition my in consistent been have I
https://t.co/FgACmaFxxc #SCPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina! South Clemson YOU- THANK
core. common keep to wants Bush Jeb that fact the to referring was I
crowd! Tremendous P.M. 7:00 - Carolina South in tonight speech Big
compliment! a is that assume I - entertainer" great a and politician gifted "highly a me called Bush Jeb funny So
today. Carolina South in event big a for leaving be Will people! amazing - Hampshire New in experience great a Such
cred! no money no reporting- Bad business. of out going be will @politico like looks @NYDailyNews worthless the Like
massive! are Liabilities buyer! no has sell to trying desperately is Zuckerman Mort dopey which @NYDailyNews Worthless
soon! close will Paper complex. inferiority major a has @NYDailyNews worthless the of owner Zuckerman Mort Dopey
Carolina. South to off Now you! love I Hampshire New of people the to you Thank
https://t.co/73aoZk8uMG #NHPrimaryhttps://t.co/rbFfcq8gQq #FITN now! family amazing my with Departing Hampshire! New you Thank
security. have and WALL a build will We border. southern open our from Hampshire New into coming from drugs other and heroin stop will We
healthcare! better much have and $'s save will We me. like that do can nobody and - ObamaCare replace and repeal immediately will We
results fast very storywith different very a be will it win I If - "leader" our or U.S.A. for respect no - today threats big making is ISIS
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - today vote Hampshire New
https://t.co/8lREIqhIuN #VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ at: locations polling your find can You
https://t.co/9WwRWnvqiv https://t.co/7S2f2GSMB8 Video: #VoteTrumpNH day! important this on Hampshire New of people great the to message A
https://t.co/pbt7gDaw7y #FITN #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire! New Arena- Wireless Verizon the at night great a for you Thank
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
Enjoy! A.M. 8:40. at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
Great! me. by won be will Repubs for play in never are that States ELECTION. GENERAL the win to best the am I that showing now are polls The
so! done have to happy am out-and help to dollars of millions many spent have I me. than disabilities with people for more done has No-one
domain! eminent private used family His lot. the of weakest the far by is lies with nasty gone has who Bush Jeb and "Governors" the know I
leader! a Not love"). of act as ("come IMMIGRATION ILLEGAL on weak very is and D.C.) from (education CORE COMMON wants @JebBush Remember
https://t.co/uZItWkqQZa #FITN Hampshire! New you Thank
https://t.co/1tZfqVETrX https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ questions? Voting #VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN Hampshire! New you Thank
#FITNhttps://t.co/p4XCxNkXQO #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH
Sad! PACs. super end would he says he campaign failed his on money interest special of million $120 wasted has Bush that Now
https://t.co/pRpcxaZ7ov #VoteTrumpNH you!#FITN Thank Hampshire! New Londonderry stop- third Today's
https://t.co/lBXXyuZAcO https://t.co/YwZdQdzKcz Video: done. things get don’t they but talk can Politicians leadership. strong needs America
figure! pathetic A pack. of bottom at is and million $100 Bush-spent Jeb at laughing is Everybody
immigration. illegal on weak very and #CommonCore of favor in strongly - desperate is Bush Jeb
https://t.co/4m6dabtxCV #NHPrimary #FITN Hampshire. New Salem in Hall- Town mornings this at support your for you Thank
candidate! weak a is He ad. Bowl Super a on money interest special of fortune a spent he so skills communication zero has Bush Jeb
Enjoy. now! - 7:02 at @foxandfriends on be will Eric and Don sons wonderful two My
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - politics as exciting as nearly not - boring very is Bowl Super the far So
#SB50 #SuperBowlSunday Bowl. Super the enjoy Everybody night! last #GOPDebate the Loved time! great a having Hampshire New in am I
https://t.co/1hzn6iZIEw #NHPrimary #FITN Hampshire! New Plymouth you- Thank
https://t.co/6FkwdpI0Oj Newt! you Thank
https://t.co/HVfhtIPcIp tomorrow: us Join 5K+! Hampshire! New Manchester in Arena Wireless Verizon the at event big a have to going are We
https://t.co/bmZvSmWe7Y #VoteTrumpNHhttps://t.co/25UwkinUOd #FITN morning! this @ChezVachon breakfast having while everyone meet to Great
https://t.co/jM6wrUGQox #FITN #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain .@ABCPolitics
https://t.co/EIYyfFtnPs Enjoy! morning. this NBC on Todd Chuck with Press the Meet on be will I
in! Tune now! @foxandfriends on am I
Enjoy! 9am. at @jaketapper with @CNN Union the of State on be will I
https://t.co/zjRpnoV2ih https://t.co/xK5HYX226k now: Register 2/8! on Hampshire New Manchester Center- Wireless Verizon the at us join Come
evening! exciting an be will - Hampshire New love I
https://t.co/zQscD1mCwM #NHPrimary #FITN Hampshire! New Plymouth in tomorrow me Join
https://t.co/YdEnhqdTbS in. pouring stop will drugs the &amp; borders create will I POTUS- elected If stop. must epidemic drug Hampshire New The
nice! Not me. at slap a take to mommy in bring to had disaster total a is campaign whose Bush Jeb Wow
altogether"https://t.co/LsrIXzCyJr laws immigration our abolish well as might "We agent: Border
https://t.co/IWXGbBVwvT immediately! this stop will I ago- long happening was this said I
https://t.co/vdErsfh5H6 ends! never It
https://t.co/IZgZqr6BgB criminals. with even immigration illegal of control lost totally country Our so. you told I
https://t.co/tF033Yjhu3 it. love tomorrow- Hampshire New in be Will evening! unbelievable Carolina South in people 10000
credibility! zero loser Major hostile. went she and twice down her Turned job. a for people my Begged @CheriJacobus. dumb Really
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/X6tp1bpIhi 10th! February Wednesday on University Clemson at me Join
tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire New in back be Will crowd! big really Carolina South to Heading
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to hard so working are people many So Hampshire. New in support great Such
evening! incredible an be will It stake. at much so say to things many Hampshire—so New in debate tomorrow’s to forward look much very I
https://t.co/W04ezOy28v #VoteTrumpNH #FITN #NewHampshire follow. to country whole the for motto A Die: or Free Live
days. four next there be Will Monday. to event my Moved Hampshire. New in storm Big
https://t.co/HVfhtJ6O6Z #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN Hampshire! New Manchester in Arena Wireless Verizon the @ 8th February Monday us Join
@CNN NOW! on @AC360 Watch
interesting! very be Should Hampshire. New from @CNN on 8pm at Cooper Anderson by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/xFvGE0dRlA nice! very poll UMASS New planned. activity Amazing now. boarding Hampshire New to helicopter a Taking
https://t.co/zl4sMjmOUc #Trump2016Watch: guns! our away take them let won’t I Amendment. 2nd the at away chip to trying are Politicians
https://t.co/tMav17UGkf minimum. at misdemeanor a everyone to sent certificate violation voter Cruz the is This
everyone. to sent certificate violation voter fraudulent the is charge Cruz serious more even an show the per as @KarlRove- .@oreillyfactor
https://t.co/Tv0FNezxse vote. to went they as Iowa- of people great the to did Cruz Ted what discuss @oreillyfactor &amp; @KarlRove #ICYMI:
notch. one up moving candidate each with Iowa in disqualified immediately be should Cruz Ted @KarlRove. &amp; @billoreilly you Thank
beat! to easy so be would He me. against run to want doesn't he because me against run to wants he says Sanders
https://t.co/I9WkPN3pWm #Trump2016https://t.co/MjtIq2ii0Q 12K. of crowd record A tonight! Arkansas Rock Little in everyone to YOU THANK
https://t.co/c7EHokbLD1 https://t.co/XRRJ0fMkNV #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak: to Trump w/ Stand values. American on assault the Stop
https://t.co/4EFJbQxJGW #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire! New you Thank
lies." and tricks dirty and "deceit for Cruz Ted blasted Carson Ben Dr.
replace! and repeal #ObamaCare- against totally been have and am I again- lied just Cruz
fraud! total a cheated- he that basis the on election recent most the from Cruz Ted disqualify should Iowa of State The
https://t.co/tRM7KUCrSU #CruzFraud vote. to sites caucus their at arrived Iowans as Cruz- Ted from out sent was This
@FoxNews Enjoy! P.M. 7:00 at @greta on interviewed be will I
nullified. results Cruz or place take should election new a either Caucus Iowa the during Cruz Ted Senator by committed fraud the on Based
lie! total a - "choice" and ObamaCare of favor in strongly was Trump that (voters) caucusgoers of thousands told strongly Cruz finally And
Fraud Cruz. for voting by up it clear to them told and F) of voter(grade unsuspecting the to marks poor gave certificate Violation Voter The
voters. of thousands to certificate VIOLATION VOTER a out sent Cruz Also fraud. Cruz this of because Carson over Cruz for voted people Many
Cruz. for vote) (or caucus to and race the quitting was @RealBenCarson that release a out put Cruz Caucus Iowa the of primetime During
Bad! anticipated. than votes more far got he why and wrong so were polls the of all why is That it. stole he Iowa win didn't Cruz Ted
@CNN dummy! real A hostile. went she and no said We job. a for us begged @cherijacobus @kayleighmcenany tonight @donlemon on job Great
https://t.co/9Hb7JO3wrZ https://t.co/oUg1ErD0j7 #Trump2016 #FITN crowd! spirited and big a expecting Hampshire- New to way my On
moment! Dean Howard his was that say would nite last speech flamboyant overly rambling long too far Cruz's Ted of all watched who Anybody
pro" a like successfully turn the made he but 2nd finished He @realDonaldTrump: on @mikebarnicle .@Morning_Joe
it! worth not but doing keep will I one. only the campaign my self-funding for voters the by credit any given been have I believe don't I
crowd Big Hampshire. New in media-later the by treatment unfair simultaneous the and Iowa in experience wonderful my about talking be will I
history! in total vote highest second got and voters record in Brought fairly. Iowa in finish great long-shot my covered not has media The
honor Great second. strong a in Came Rubio. &amp; Cruz of fraction a - there little very spent I Iowa in well do not could I told was I Because
Nice place. 2nd in up ended and there well do couldn't I saying experts the of all with out started I one. great a was Iowa in experience My
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE AND BACK COUNTRY OUR TAKE FINALLY WILL WE - today begins all It
https://t.co/yyjQ1iFT2x https://t.co/6WZTqOy4TW RAPIDS: CEDER https://t.co/DGw5Yk2iSi1:30pm WATERLOO: #CaucusForTrump11am us! Join
https://t.co/mgLh9Im9QI @TerryBranstad. Governor w/ here #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- the attended @MrsVanessaTrump wife his &amp; .@DonaldJTrumpJr
https://t.co/4Ma5JSkFu7 https://t.co/Bf4J2OBtUU Video: #IACaucus Iowa! in #CaucusForTrump to is it easy how you show @IvankaTrump Watch
#CaucusForTrump places! great and guy great A Iowa! in Ranch Pizza of owner and founder the from endorsement an get to nice So
https://t.co/bJ6a0t9Pv2 https://t.co/y9Fa8Ut6IP Video: AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump GREAT AMERICA MAKE and country- our back take to time is It
Enjoy! morning. this @jdickerson with Nation The Face on interviewed be will I
ENJOY! morning. this @GStephanopoulos With Week This on interviewed be Will Iowa. in am I
$6000000. got VETS Also recieved). ratings poor the of (instead set been have would record a debate last the done have would I If
VETS. for $6000000 raising while - "unfairness" allowing not of point the make to able was I debate rated poorly failed the doing not By
lies! He replace. &amp; repeal will me than ObamaCare against more nobody is There levels. many so on lying is Cruz - ad an saw just Wow
scam! loans interest low Very Form. Disclosure Financial important very his in borrowing bank his reporting not for trouble in is Cruz Ted
WIN! easily! Hillary beat I show Polls Hillary. to big loose Will Canada). in (born run to gets even he if unelectable totally is Cruz Ted
State! the touring and speeches two making be will I church After Melania. wife my with morning this Iowa in church to going be will I
@foxandfriends Cruz. endorsed he more much and rooms hotel free him give wouldn't I When man. con and phony total a is .@bobvanderplaats
@foxandfriends himself.Phony for $100000 wanted he say to me called event the holding people The event. an do to me asked .@bobvanderplaats
Cruz! endorsed he and pay said I more). (and free rooms hotel expensive for me Asked guy. dishonest and phony total a is .@bobvanderplaats
Bad! investigation. under now are They violation." "in voters calling ad vote the out get deceptive and dishonest a issued campaign Cruz The
https://t.co/IrrzLCa2ev #CaucusForTrumphttps://t.co/nU39QHzxxX #IACaucus AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
#iVotedhttps://t.co/jSYl2IYjPO #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused #IACaucus
https://t.co/u6oOcWGePe Video: trail. campaign the on received I've embrace warm the for Christians evangelical thank to want I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we stupidity watching of years these all after Finally morning. Tuesday until and day all Iowa in be will I
material! presidential Not risk. security national major a is Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/EY0wNYv9XD https://t.co/osvIsBwAgX #CaucusForTrump Iowa! in scenes the behind volunteers incredible the of all to YOU THANK
https://t.co/xZlwspf6xe https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX Tickets: #CaucusForTrump #IACaucus Iowa! in weekend great a to forward Looking
VETS! our for $6000000 got Also U.S. the for do will I as rights my for up stuck I that fact the love Iowa of people The .@oreillyfactor
VETS. our for hour one in raised $6000000 night. last event successful very my mention even not does that network only the is .@FoxNews
Ted! Canada endorsing is Senator one Not him. endorse to easy is who @BenSasse like Senator a get even can't Cruz Ted that Amazing
@greta elected? get ever he did hell the How Senator. U.S. a than rat gym a like more looks .@BenSasse
pols. for paid Wants ineffective. totally - @greta on him Saw Senator. your as @BenSasse than better much do can Nebraska of State great The
president? next our be judgement bad such with someone can how minimum a At Clinton. Hillary for disaster a is release e-mail new The
https://t.co/fQAxuMe01b https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq finder: #Trump2016#IACaucus Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain support your of all for you Thank
record. time all the broken have would &amp; more million 12 had have would they debate Fox night’s last in participated I if that say They
https://t.co/hVa0gJiBNz @DRUDGE_REPORT #Trump2016Via America! you Thank
https://t.co/rWbHdaYgBl #Trump2016 #IACaucus Iowa! Dubuque in tomorrow me Join
https://t.co/9h8CgrCXGB #Trump2016https://t.co/NpJGvQwYU5 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire! New Nashua you- Thank
https://t.co/wG8EzPHZt1 Walding Wayne John YOU!" THANK meet: they Vet every to words simple 2 say to needs American "Every
https://t.co/xpaeV0YzGV 43% Clinton 47% Trump opponents. GOP closest over lead 3-1 holds Trump finds Poll Michigan FOX2 you!Mitchell Thank
https://t.co/yLJGkoOeBg #GOPDebate you! Thank there. even wasn't I and poll- Twitter Great
Fun! soon. there be will crowd Big Hampshire. New Nashua for off take to ready Getting
proud &amp; happy so were They vets. great our for $6000000 raised We better. out worked have not could event The night. last amazing was Iowa
https://t.co/yadQiPC49g https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq finder: #IACaucus #GOPDebate! nights last during support &amp; interest your for you Thank
https://t.co/yUTtLnALxy https://t.co/XDnixWnqwb poll! Drudge latest the in support your of all for you Thank America! morning Good
support!https://t.co/Mjr8D4dDrK your for you Thank
https://t.co/YJ0KIYpTaV America! you Thank
https://t.co/HLuyCcuLcp #GOPDebate https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq finder: caucus 6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa • 2/1/2016 • #IACaucus
soon! you See great! were You @OMAROSA. tonight words kind the for you Thank
https://t.co/WMR7jnmsyz https://t.co/WH9GSeSH29 Video: bravely.#ThankAVet so country this served have who Veterans the of care take will I
#GOPDebate talked! politicians the while $6000000.00 raised We Veterans! great our with Iowa in night unbelievable An
polls! Check one. last the particular- in debate every won I that know didn't who flunky @FoxNews a @krauthammer Charles biased Watching
@deadline-https://t.co/Ytid4IrW4y Win"- Viewership TV Cable O’Reilly Bill Hands Trump "Donald
https://t.co/gicaoEOFCC Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZ8EpQ #IACaucus #Trump2016
holdings.? (Ted’s) his liquidating about him to lied Cruz because angry very is man good a Mercer Robert man $$ @SenTedCruz’s that hear I
https://t.co/jd3H0LQcas D.C. Washington Hotel International Trump 2016: of Openings Hotel Anticipated Most 20
1.6% 2.4%Jeb 5.3%Christie 6.6%Rubio 16.5%Carson 32.7%Cruz Pollhttps://t.co/hfSxKaXC42Trump GOP Tennessee
#Trump4Vetshttps://t.co/UVn3kUd2DV you! Thank now. me join can You you! with Veterans our support to honor great my is It
https://t.co/1vjCHYYlzU Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq #IACaucus #Trump2016
https://t.co/fkgkcVxVo7 https://t.co/8icSqEombg #Trump2016 done! get to much too have We time. much too takes correct politically Being
https://t.co/xeHKbIDApr now. Available @JeffJlpa1 Lord Jeffrey esteemed the by book new Great Trump” for Case The Needs: America “What
this. see to hate I rock. a like dropping rates advertising and advertisers with ratings low - disaster total a be will tonight "debate" The
University. Drake at tonight event my to go to want they said and night last called candidates two Wow
https://t.co/thNiQh0nY6 Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq #IACaucus #Trump2016
honor! an what Wow- it. in not I'm if debate the watch not would they said people the of 87% Greta On
EST! 9pm at Veterans the for event special my into Tune rock! a like falling rates advertising debate FOX
https://t.co/upAo2eDDVB #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/jaiRNIyYGL Carolina!#Trump2016 South Lexington you- Thank
@megynkelly. reporter lightweight than so more debate the do not me made that Fox by statement PR taunting &amp; written childishly the was It
Enjoy! (Eastern). P.M. 8:00 at tonight @oreillyfactor on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/5f7zFDiVsN https://t.co/QYcedgsoV3 interests. special &amp; lobbyists to anything owe not do I so campaign my funding self am I
Canada? in it do we Can again. me debate to wants Cruz Ted one last the especially debates six first the in him beat I though Even
fantastic! is guy the - Limbaugh Rush to listen to got Just
dumb &amp; nasty so something say ever would Who journalism. and broadcasting good to disgrace a was @FoxNews by yesterday out put statement The
reporter! lightweight a her call only will I Instead correct. politically be not would that because bimbo a Kelly Megyn call to refuse I
https://t.co/TzZx97FU1n #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 2001#Trump2016 Since Audience Largest Posts - NATION THE FACE CBS's
https://t.co/SmTkLPiBYD
https://t.co/2bx54VKpQh ratings! no have they'd me Without #GOPDebate. the for ratings up build and try to @foxnews by attempt Pathetic
https://t.co/7xxWD0au9H #Trump2016 America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you Thank
https://t.co/tPiIyk4Dyc conversation" Facebook of domination complete shows "Trump
https://t.co/ClcvOgWOMy #Trump2016 Trump" Donald Behind Up Line "Minorities
https://t.co/CxqTh61ssz https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq finder: #Trump2016#IACaucus YOU! THANK
it! doubt I Actually dealings? @bobvanderplaats about knows @SenTedCruz think you Do
https://t.co/cjTywwIl85 #GOPdebate? the do I Should
guy! bad himself—a for $100000 for organizers asking while event an do to me begged .@bobvanderplaats
me! endorsed just has nation our in leaders religious respected most the of one University Liberty of Jr. Falwell Jerry Rev. honor- Great
https://t.co/oJyGTj5QX8 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain vote! to important so - https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq at location #IACaucus your find Iowa of people great the For
paying like hotels-didn't my at stay to family his and him for asked he times the all followers his tell @bobvanderplaats phony doesn't Why
https://t.co/r0Sc6zm80I #Trump2016 disaster.https://t.co/d83XYrqZ3m#MakeAmericaGreatAgain a It's core. common end will I
https://t.co/6Uaecpwqwm https://t.co/xPjA3TBbTa" 37%: with poll News/WaPo ABC new in lead national retains Trump "Donald
Enjoy. A.M. 7:30 at @FoxBusiness @MorningsMaria on @MariaBartiromo by interviewed be will I
out! it Figure 7:00. around at @Morning_Joe doing be will I Likewise 7:00. around at morning this @GStephanopoulos @GMA doing be will I
https://t.co/bJ9Z3qZBQu #Trump2016 #FITN Hampshire! New Farmington - you Thank
#FITN shortly. venue the at be Will Hampshire. New in landed Just
https://t.co/S7QmDkv2sg Year’ Next The In Defunct Be Will Review ‘National Forum: Eagle Schlafly’s Phyllis
#FITN it! to forward looking crowd- Big Hampshire. New for now Leaving
trough! the at stay to anything do will politicians These Jeb's. as bad as almost are lies Cruz
work! never Lies rock. a like dropping polls- recent in fast down going Cruz
down! way are #'s poll His truth! the for caring not charges reckless making is He wreck. nervous a is Cruz Ted
@CNN. on est. 5-7pm from @wolfblitzer with @CNNSitRoom on be will I
hours. ET 8am and 7am the during tomorrow Network Business Fox the on Maria with Morning's on be will I
https://t.co/ocIpo2DInT https://t.co/xd9iG0uh4l #Trump2016 #FITN 2/1/16!#IACaucus on Iowa in night caucus on #VoteTrump to where out Find
https://t.co/UpQ3LkUUpm deals- Trump's vs. deal Obama's
https://t.co/v2Ejh0TweS 7:30pm: https://t.co/cWQKRAgqfX 3:00pm: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #IACaucus tomorrow! Iowa in us Join
CNN on est 5-7pm from @wolfblitzer with Room Situation The on be will I
https://t.co/rx7aOQqN7y Video: #Trump2016 voters. the are owe will I people only The country. great this of people the for win to want I
https://t.co/sbzp75EPSq #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 you! POLLThank IPSOS/REUTERS
race of out get or Canada of citizen a was and Canada in born was he that FACT the with problem his settle either to Cruz Ted for time It's
https://t.co/jC1qisBbit #FITN#Trump2016 Hampshire! New you PollThank News Fox
https://t.co/aCj0Hq20hV #IACaucus #Trump2016 Iowa! you PollThank News Fox New
https://t.co/PJECpbmkSE https://t.co/fxgCl9J1Wf #Trump2016 us. with mess will one no that strong &amp; powerful big so Military our make will I
Enjoy! @CBSNews U.S. the across times various at morning this Nation The Face on be will I
Enjoy! @NBCNews U.S. the across times various at morning this @meetthepress on be will I
https://t.co/tEHJTl6tNAreview-doomed over. is Review National predictions. correct making Love
rock. a as Dumb primary. Republican the in vote to right the have doesn't and GOP the left @GlennBeck crying that is Word
https://t.co/j9pngqvo5X challenges. many of First President. for run can Cruz not or whether to as Illinois in doubt Serious
Iowa. Muscatine in tomorrow church to Going Pella. in event great a left Just
#Trump2016 Enjoy! EST! 9pm at tonight @JudgeJeanine great the with FOX on be will I
hello! say Eric and Don forgotten. be not will It guy! fantastic a are You endorsement. your get to honor an such .@williebosshog
soon! you See windows. Pella of buyer big a is Trump Remember crowd! Big Iowa. Pella to now Heading
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain vote! to important So https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm. at location #IACaucus your find Iowa of people great the For
overflow! house- Packed people! great Truly received. well very was speech My Iowa. Center Sioux left Just
https://t.co/fGVQsMbRKj @NYTimes. the of @arappeport by voters Iowa on story wonderful A
https://t.co/dfCOkb7Ex8 McCain. over Clinton for voted have would he FOX @ fired he was only Not credibility. all lost @GlennBeck Failing
debate. next the of moderator a be to allowed be not should she bias and interest of conflict @MegynKelly's on Based
Again! Great America Make introduction. the make will Jeffress Robert Dr. amazing. is crowd the where Iowa County Sioux to Heading
run! cannot he believe many citizen Canadian a recently until was and Canada in born was he Because big. down are numbers poll Cruz Ted
happen! won't action-it no and talk all are politicians bull All candidates. other the by ads T.V. phony these of all watching Iowa in am I
again! great be will We pay. will Mexico and WALL a build will we borders strong establish and win will We amazing. been has .@AnnCoulter
https://t.co/oc480lwVQg https://t.co/tykxcT5ZtG #VoteTrump #Trump2016 history. American in president job-producing greatest the be will I
storm! the of beauty the Enjoy coast. East the on folks great the of all to luck Good today. speeches two making be Will Iowa. in am I
https://t.co/6rh849dlYZ #Trump2016 me. for are people the and people the for am I it. gets truly who writer a by article wonderful A
assets. off sold never &amp; disclosure legal No loans. interest low Sachs/Citi Goldman by funded is &amp; St. Wall w/ bed in is He honest? Cruz Is
Minister. Prime Canadian be could He #POTUS. for run to started he when only Senator- US a as citizenship Canadian his renounce not did Cruz
Puppet! disclose. didn't he money the him loaned which bank the Sachs Goldman to million $25 gave which TARP supported I says Cruz
sad! - listeners few Very times. many asked - show failing his do to refused I is me like doesn't @GlennBeck irrelevant reason only The
that? say he doesn't Why dog. a like money for begging office my to came lightweights Review National the of one .@BrentBozell
Putin. with or Chinese the ISIS with you help can't mom --- Jeb him. help to mommy needed desperately he where ad Jeb's watched Just
Canada? or loans Sachs/Citi Goldman it Is on? going what's - poll Reuters released just in big down went Cruz Ted
#Trump2016 Rush! Thanks guy! honorable it---really sees he as it tells great is Limbaugh Rush
reporting. dishonest Really all. of stories inaccurate most the among does Post Washington scam tax The
https://t.co/QKNineuS8H #Trump2016 America! you poll.Thank Fox new the received Just
numbers. Big 8. RUBIO 13. CRUZ 45. out:.TRUMP just Poll Zogby National New Wow!
polls! new great - good looking are Things Iowa. for now Nevada Leaving
https://t.co/evqFrWKBD1 #Trump2016https://t.co/Ma6OABMYpF Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Zogby GOP National New
https://t.co/9IPw30G5OG #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Trump" J. Donald Endorses Association Republican Black "National
https://t.co/KDVZoUia4I #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank poll! Reuters New
Hillary! beat will I years. for losing been have They Obama. Barrack against fight the up given totally has Review National @NRO dying The
https://t.co/o1l1XNZvhU years! for been have &amp; ineffective totally are you opposition- my to you Thank yet! # highest my be might This Wow!
guy! energy Low ads. in "Bush" name the use to ashamed is He polls. in barrel the of bottom the at is @JebBush million $89 spending After
debate in participate cannot they that Committee National Republican the by informed been just has Magazine Review National @NRO failing The
problem Big President." be to eligible not is Cruz "Ted stated just has McManamon Brigid Mary professor law Constitutional respected Highly
https://t.co/GWKoJsBINZ" #LaurenceTribe Professor Law Constitutional Cruz' says law settled not President be to eligibility #TedCruz
pipelines. even or schools airports highways roads have wouldn't we it without but domain eminent on views my about complains Cruz Ted
Review! National dying the prize his to happened had what of ashamed be would Buckley F. William great late The
lead. to how not but criticize to how knows only it because Review National the read people few Very
Sad! low. time all an at being influence its w down way is circulation It's way. it's lost has that publication failing a is Review National
https://t.co/wVJldvTSag #Trump2016 #IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN Iowa! you Thank
Trump. of part no wants she lot a by Hillary beat will I info? false spewing on- Sununu John dummy like Bushy fired a have @Greta does Why
https://t.co/vfUwGIGjN4 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
https://t.co/TG9oZKly4l Hampshire!#Trump2016 New you Thank
https://t.co/pcdmyIO1Zt #Trump2016 you! Thank
https://t.co/ryhEheTLqN #Trump2016 Iowa! you Thank
guy! special totally a - @jacknicklaus great the friend my to birthday Happy
anymore. watch to going Not disaster. a is @AlisynCamerota badly. very me treats CNN on Day New
relax! and home go should He me. on spent Millions campaign. presidential failed his on million $80 wasted has @JebBush candidate energy Low
me. beat can't he But WILL. I - Hillary beat won't I saying money interest special with me on ad another done just has @JebBush sack Sad
reporting! Dishonest Oklahoma. in yesterday arena the at crowd massive the show to refused others many and @CNN that sad So
https://t.co/Md10pL1wn8 https://t.co/1ZWE5R183k NATIONVideo: THE #Trump2016UNIFYING #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
soul! lost crying failing a is Glenn wanted. desperately so Cruz that endorsement @SarahPalinUSA the to answer sad a is @glennbeck Wacko
https://t.co/sZr9taU20G #Trump2016 #FITN you! Thank released. just poll Hampshire New CNN/WMUR New
https://t.co/txEaLrZ4uY Times: York New via Better Do Would Trump Donald Says and Cruz Ted With Losses ‘Cataclysmic’ of Warns Dole Bob
https://t.co/3FkMZpaEdR #NHPolitics #FITN#Trump2016 Hampshire! New you Thank
https://t.co/npcw1AN2ht #Trump2016 Florida! you Thank
https://t.co/XsOeREiYuA Thanks! crowd! the in love much So them! of care take to soon back coming are we but 5k away turn to Had OK! in 15K
https://t.co/gaK4KEbHOh expected! crowd massive Tulsa- to @SarahPalinUSA with now Traveling people. wonderful Such Iowa! in rally Great
https://t.co/0bSTLvq7V9 https://t.co/8kAswDS0bc EXPERIENCEVideo: CHANGING #Trump2016LIFE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/bjTPvwM4nW https://t.co/4P7AMKI4iq Video: tonight. endorsement Palin's Sarah receive to honored greatly am I
Establishment:https://t.co/gEhfZ3NAhi GOP Slams Jeanine Judge
https://t.co/KsVYviVdc2 https://t.co/KrCUSYFPLb VIDEO: - #ECONOMY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Coalition. Freedom &amp; Faith the of chairman the Reed Ralph said tower” Trump in faucets the as gold as is evangelicals among brand “Palin’s
Ted. like not do People shoker! Big defeated." be must Cruz "Ted that stated just Iowa of Governor respected highly the Wow
https://t.co/1e6gk0PsQH https://t.co/X6jR0WVBvd daughter....read: Wayne's John of endorsement the receive to honor true A
https://t.co/qM4JUsyaqH 3. dropped Cruz 14! by Up firm. same by poll last since points 4 by lead my increased I poll SC released just the In
https://t.co/VJgj7AC5tE @JerryJrFalwell. yesterday- University Liberty to me welcoming when testimony strong your for you Thank
https://t.co/oNbgRpjKDl #Trump2016 support. your of all appreciate I Georgia! you Thank
soon! you see will I support. &amp; words your appreciate really I &amp; guy amazing an are You statement. complete your read Just .@FreeJesseJames-
https://t.co/sQ9UEVW4Vp #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank numbers. poll national new received just Iowa- to way my On
stories. fabricate totally to writers dishonest allows Times York New failing the that disgusting Really
winner! a he’s loser- a @HowardStern friend my called never I losers-true! Rove Karl including people many called I said Bruni Frank Dope
https://t.co/0x2qed7174 credit. #TeamTrump Gives Amendment] [14th Citizenship Birthright on Stances Conflicting .@tedcruz
wreck! nervous a is he - down Cruz and up Trump have out just polls new Wow
words! kind and smart very the for you Thank @AC360. on job great .@TheBrodyFile
#2016" #CBNNews https://t.co/BLdnkYzMBE… @tedcruz Than Better Evangelicals Protect Will He Says @realDonaldTrump Exclusive: ".@TheBrodyFile
Doubt! problem. a not is Canada in born being that voters Republican assure can he until President for run even can Cruz Ted think don't I
banks! from loans his report to failure his and birth of place his about worried are People nervous. is He polls. the in falling is Cruz Ted
https://t.co/YrLGb7wXyh Becki! and Jerry you Thank people! unbelievable crowd setting Record today! University Liberty at being loved I
https://t.co/52E3LU3W77 https://t.co/NXWNOcWZgc Watch: everyday! topic new A Facebook. via videos #Trump2016 of series new a launched We
https://t.co/aEMUMqSoWm https://t.co/XUWGANbq8k #Trump2016 now. Hampshire New to Off you! Thank @LibertyU! everyone with morning great A
#Trump2016 crowd. record a of front in today speaking be I'll University. Liberty for Leaving
https://t.co/gBnsNgomom #Obamacare. us gave who Roberts John Justice liberal supported Cruz Ted that reminder a Just
https://t.co/NqJJVdapnG ad: radio IA &amp; NH many. so for are you model role the of proud very am I words. kind the for @IvankaTrump you Thank
bosses. N.Y. his by for paid ads on $millions spending is Cruz controlled. not money own my up putting - campaign my self-funding am I
anymore! country a have won't we or U.S. smart and tough Get yesterday. attack terror Islamic radical in anticipated than killed more Far
https://t.co/lErVfowpMX https://t.co/J2wyAfXdlz #Trump2016 rally! this miss to want not will You Tuesday! on Iowa Ames in announcement Big
Airbus! rather U.S. from buy won't they them...but giving are we billion $150 the of part small a with jetliners 114 buy to going is Iran
others! for incentive great create will This list. watch off many and wanted most 7 billion $150 get They prisoners. 4 get we deal Iran In
https://t.co/jAxIy8xseM Noonan. Peggy from read Interesting
https://t.co/rYGX9vazku demeaning? &amp; about talking is Cruz Ted that York New the this Is
Hypocrite Sachs. Goldman from loan int. low $1M &amp; mogul fund hedge NY a from $11M contributions campaign in $487K received Cruz Ted Wow!
https://t.co/izBMhEZolh https://t.co/m98wooUwsG you! Thank storm! snow a in Portsmouth- in crowd record with morning great now- NH Departing
St Wall up clean to going is he pretend then banks- lending his list not &amp; form disclosure financial a file to @TedCruz of dishonest Greatly
him. control that interests special the to back contributions campaign based York New the all give @TedCruz will When
politics! of out Cruz Ted like hypocrites get should thru been have they all and York New of people the loves that Everybody
marriage? gay espouse who people from money accept he did why marriage gay to opposed so is Cruz Ted If
https://t.co/hxdfy0mjVw votes. for another does money for thing one Says hypocrite. ultimate the is Ted
https://t.co/GFYNUWWCYn #Trump2016https://t.co/Z1lQdxQvRL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! Thank numbers. new Great
him! own They banks. from loans guaranteed personally form disclosure personal his on list not did illegally and purposely Cruz Ted
banks? C from loans unreported borrow he did Canadian" born "natural a therefore is and Canada in born was Cruz Ted that fact the on Based
Senate. U.S. the in well so do banks wonder no Wow Citi. from one this loan another report didn't Cruz Ted that reported just no Oh
there! located is lender his and employer wife's his Remember disgrace. a is York New of people the to apology wiseguy Cruz Ted The
reformer! a of much Not demand. they anything do will he him owns Sachs Goldman file. to FORGOT Cruz Ted that loan another there Was
believable papers.Not loan $ Million Sachs Goldman his file to FORGOT also He Citizen. Canadian a was he that know" "didn't he said Cruz Ted
so you told I follow. to more with filed been just have Lawsuits ago. months 15 until citizen Canadian a was and Canada in born was Cruz Ted
correct. politically being more No smart. and vigilant be must we borders the Strengthen ends! never it - today attacks Islam radical More
@megynkelly @FoxNews credibility! zero Has clown. total a is .@FrankLuntz
Obama! not 2008 in league big McCain John supported I that @glennbeck failing and dumb very the to explain please .@oreillyfactor
soon! back be Will people. amazing with time great a had - Iowa from back got Just
guy! great - @ericbolling Thank champion! true a are You tonight. @oreillyfactor on words nice your for Geraldo you Thank .@GeraldoRivera
great! was he - @TeamCavuto on #HarveyPitt watched Jusr
https://t.co/nwKPRmWFNr AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE WILL WE center. filing media #GOPDebate the in seen as state by candidate searched Top
Bush. of endorsement with himself embarrasses further now and President for run failed his with himself embarrassed Graham Lindsey Sen.
O. at quit Graham endorsement. Graham got just zero are winning of chances whose and debate the in night last poorly did who Bush Jeb
https://t.co/r2i8FHPjB4 #Trump2016 Race. Presidential Republican in Lead His Widens Trump Donald Poll: WSJ/NBC
humiliated. was country Our sailors? Russian were they if tough so acted have would Iran think you Do
https://t.co/3xdEXZV5Ge https://t.co/Xb04Quqj1M #Trump2016 real" is evangelicals to appeal "Trump's .@TheBrodyFile:
win! I if way that be Won't tiger. paper a like more and more looks States United
on? him put @andersoncooper does Why booketc. campaignhis Romney touches. he everything virtually @ fails who guy dumb a is Stevens Stuart
forget! NOT will I weak. are We images. &amp; pictures Horrible sailors. 10 our of capture the with States United the humiliated Iran
show? the on - Romney for BIG lost who - Stevens Stuart strategist campaign failed putting by airtime waste @andersoncooper &amp; @CNN does Why
#Trump2016 do! could I than better was That @greta. with #FoxNews on job unbelievable .@EricTrump-
https://t.co/y7pnMqCs7j #VoteTrump YOU! THANK
https://t.co/Ecs9XYXaXL #IowaCaucus #VoteTrump released. just poll @GravisMarketing @OANN respected Highly IOWA! YOU THANK
#VoteTrumphttps://t.co/g7eeySMUdl you! Thank
#Trump2016https://t.co/6kjCaStCjG #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump turnout. voter increase would nomination My
sue! will Dems eligibility. on doubt erase can he unless Primary Republican the in running continue can Cruz Ted that way no is there Sadly
https://t.co/xRvznATrU7 #IAPolitics #FITN #IACaucus #Trump2016 #VoteTrump Iowa! night last support your for you Thank
NOW! back hostages our want We money. release Don't dollars. of billions ridiculously them pay we before days U.S. with toys Iran
voters! new most get history-I U.S. in highest the be will turnout voter her with race a In Clinton. Hillary beating me have polls Numerous
fast! leadership New time. long a in heard have I non-substantive and rambling boring most the of one was speech Union The Of State The
great. are polls New OK! but nice Not me. to negative polls push Iowa on fortune a spending is @tedcruz that out found Just
watch! to hard very - lethargic slow boring really is speech #SOTU The
#SOTU Russia. to sent was it - stockpile uranium the get we didn't Why terrible. is deal Iran The
#Trump2016https://t.co/sFPRHHeLbd poll. CBS New
https://t.co/RGkrruqpM7 #FITN #IACaucus you! Thank released. just poll Iowa new Another
https://t.co/cNl6dmFb6q problem. this solve to together work all Let's sue! will Dems doubt Great GOP. the &amp; Ted for problem serious a Such
Iowa! of people the love great--I be Will now. Iowa Falls Cedar to way my On
https://t.co/QmDcCKppEu #Trump2016 YOU! THANK
Enjoy! minutes. 5 in begins Show Tonight The
job! a get can't Stevens Now Mitt! blame Don't impossibility. an victory made Romney Mitt to advise horrible .@stuartpstevens
@donlemon winner! a is @kayleighmcenany tonight. @CNN on job Fantastic
@NBC disappointed! be not will You P.M. 11:30 at @jimmyfallon wonderful the with Show Tonight The watch to forget Don't
@jdickerson @CBSNews WOW! and Congratulations years. 15 in had have they that show rated highest the was me of interview Nation's The Face
reporter! bad agenda Total inaccurately. very me covers @CBSNews of Garrett Major .@MajorCBS
appreciated! greatly - words kind your for @Talkersmagazine Harrison Michael you Thank
https://t.co/Z9zbKfXJqb #Trump2016 Enjoy! 11:35pmE. at @NBC on @JimmyFallon with @FallonTonight on be Will
her! woo to wants hell the who way every in average so is She Trump. by wooed be can’t she that said recently .@megynkelly
https://t.co/19sshZ8dSu #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank poll. Iowa New
same. the be never will circus the elephants-- their retiring is .@RinglingBros
you! Thank interview! my watched people million 4.6 years. 15 in ratings highest his on Nation the Face of @jdickerson to Congratulations
https://t.co/KSguIhkIwa #Trump2016 supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain my of all to you Thank Hampshire. New in arrived Just
unethical! highly survive won't Paper debate. their from newspaper @UnionLeader failing the out throw to news @ABC of professional So
much! very you Thank immediately. book your for out sending am I @KatiePavlich. morning this Fox on job Great
deserved! well special- something created has who guy- wonderful A #GoldenGlobe. a winning on @TheSlyStallone friend my to Congratulations
him! than better much do can @ABC airtime? good waste to @tavissmiley like racist &amp; hater a allow @GStephanopoulos w/ @ThisWeekABC does Why
https://t.co/sfuuVrx33E #Trump2016 #LESM officers! enforcement law our to you Thank
publisher! new a getting try starters For dog. a like debate News ABC the of out kicked were they why to as comment to refuses Leader Union
NH. people great the representing of worthy aren't They lows. record to dropping circulation w McQuaid Joe under credibility all lost has UL
agreed. ABC and allowed be not should it said I candidates. other the all for conflict a and unfair really is This
win. can’t who candidate a endorsed have they enough questionable isn’t ads for me begging including behavior unethical highly their If
https://t.co/DL8hDPzHoi debate. upcoming the from removed Leader Union the had I that announce to pleased am I
watch... Just again! it read and years 4 in out it Take cover. the on am I magazine! TIME get Remember
over! all numberd poll Good rally. big a for Nevada Reno for now Heading
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE way: our On yet. her on focused even havn't I and - Clinton Hillary beat easily I Poll @FoxNews out just the In
self-funding! candidate only the am I that love They crowds. out sold great two of front in speeches two - amazing was Iowa in Yesterday
Tuesday! back be Will amazing. were crowds The day. unbelievable an for Iowa of people the thank to want I
Enjoy! morning. tomorrow @ChuckTodd with Press the Meet on be Will
in! Tune morning. tomorrow Fox on Wallace Chris by interviewed be will I
involved! be to right the them give doesn't record unethical Their debate. ABC w/ do to anything having from @UnionLeader the protesting I'm
https://t.co/9n5CCrefKn it! Read deal! real the -- is it like it tells brilliantly David (2/2)
had. ever have I stories best the of one written has Drehle Von David week. this cover the on me has Magazine Time (1/2)
https://t.co/2YtLlEwceB https://t.co/2DZp7YOadj person. great a been have must Earnest much. so you Thank
you. Thank time. long a for them for waiting been have I --- statements your appreciate and @seanhannity on watched .@JonahNRO
https://t.co/0VxlT9iEbr right. is what do &amp; opinion his change can that character of person true a is It Cillizza. Chris @TheFix- you Thank
settled). isn't matter-it settled a is citizen) born (natural it say to "wrong says Harvard of Tribe #Laurence expert law Constitutional
it! Love houses. packed - rallies big two for Iowa to off now am I fun). (and exciting unbelievably so was night last rally Carolina South
time! your of ahead way Pat go to way - @CNN on morning this interview fantastic a gave Buchanan Pat
coming! for you Thank away. turned 5000 in-- everyone let not would Marshall Fire tonight! SC in even Great
wild. be Will crowd! tremendous back-up traffic Big soon. very Carolina South wonderful in venue at be Will
https://t.co/dKuyzLRTZ3 #Trump2016 YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain THANK - Poll #FoxNews
https://t.co/3HmclWL9GT #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
compete! can’t leaders #Dem Their else. one no like jobs create will I Trump. to defecting are alike members non-union &amp; union seeing Love
out! you sell them let Don’t do! I like jobs knows Nobody Trump. J. Donald endorse reps @Teamsters their that demand workers all hope I
it! to forward look Crowd--- Big Carolina. South to way my On
https://t.co/5CrP5zdXsz Bush Jeb for news good Not
money! of waste total a happy not is He ago. months 3 campaign @JebBush the to million $10 gave AIG of formerly Greenberg Hank
amazing. was Crowd Vermont. Burlington in time Great
https://t.co/NHPdGm57YJ unbelievable! is Again Great America Make to movement The in. crowd 25k this of fraction small a get only could We
wild! be will It Vermont. Burlington for now leaving I'm
Barbara! love We @TheView. on worse even is ratings of lack for show last her from fired was who Behar Joy
sad! Very terrible. is Goldberg Whoopi freefall. total in now is @BarbaraJWalters by headed when great once @ABC @TheView The
https://t.co/q45tTapqMI friends! her and Hillary
advertising! False response. my not but debate the in statement his shows he where ads doing is @JebBush ineffective &amp; Weak
it! of ashamed be don't and name last your using Try disaster. a is campaign whose @JebBush for idea an have I
win! will Judgment--you Declaratory seek &amp; now court to Go issue. citizen on Dems the pre-empt to how on advice legal Ted--free .@SenTedCruz
early! Arrive system. sound and event outside to NO say Officials enough. big not Venue tonight. VT in crowd Massive
SMART! GET crime. mess-big total a is Germany level. highest at is threat terror that announced Just station. police Paris inside shot Man
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE fun. great be Will rally. a for tonight Vermont Burlington beautiful in be will I
Ted! of friend no certainly is McCain John Senator ago. months 18 citizenship Canadian his renounced Cruz Ted that move wise very a was It
Boycott. Trump! for win Another company. disloyal Very 46%. plunging year last S&amp;P the on stocks performing worst the of one was .@Macys
desperate! how stupid How ads. take we that asking letter a Organization Trump The sent just N.H. in newspaper @UnionLeader failing The
https://t.co/NucdHBZAH9 received: just them from letter enclosed at Look ads? demanding was NH in @UnionLeader that believe you Do
ET. 5PM us join Please today. interview @CNNSitRoom a for @wolfblitzer on be will I
early! Arrive serve. first come first say Police VT night! tomorrow expected crowd Huge
charity! for him Play championships. club many won I’ve athletic. Not swing. golf @SamuelLJackson’s like Don’t
commercials! doing stop choice—and no has he game his cheats—with @SamuelLJackson but golf at cheat don’t I
https://t.co/IJzW2NDJyA you!https://t.co/ZHMKIqnUwL of proud Very @EricTrump! son my to BIRTHDAY HAPPY
THINK! disaster. a was Eve Years New country. the enter to allowed migrants the by people its to attacks massive through going is Germany
https://t.co/yzp9dGfbce support! your for you Thank poll. Reuters from news great received Just Hampshire. New in am I
fan. a Not commercials—boring. TV many too does he think &amp; w/him golf played haven't knowledge my of best to @SamuelLJackson know don’t I
ads. for me begged they wonder No management. 10—bad around to 75000 from dropped has NH in circulation @UnionLeader Wow
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE wild. going people 10000 amazing. was Massachusetts Lowell in rally The
least! at playoffs the in been would’ve he w/me been would’ve Woody If chairman. finance @JebBush’s is NYJets the of owner Johnson Woody
fun! of lots have will expected--we is crowd big very a hear I today. Massachusetts Lowell in being to forward look I
https://t.co/gRannsRXJr video. terror Al-Shabaab the in is Hillary that mention to forgot MSM the &amp; Hillary way the By
watch. Just her. for campaign husband her have is do could Hillary thing worst The
IT! FOUND JUST THEY oil. their &amp; Arabia Saudi over take to way a wanted has Obama by them to given else all and money the of all with Iran
lying Hillary on correct concentration-but of level poor focus Nation.No The Face on today terrible was @washingtonpost the of .@RuthMarcus
won! &amp; '08 in him attacked - Wrong before." worked never has Hillary to get to Bill "attacking that @meetthepress on today said .@chucktodd
watch. Just again. it at is Bill Now LOST! She Hillary? for hard and long worked 2008 in Clinton Bill when remember anybody Does
https://t.co/RSZF12Kyhn #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! can we so 2016 in VOTE &amp; out get ALL Let's MS! Biloxi in support your for you Thank
disarm! quickly bodyguards armed heavily her that demand should she that believes really she If safe. you keep don't guns that said Hillary
lied! Hillary must. I which them against out speak I if &amp; front-runner as will all they - me on video a made just ISIS not Al-Shabbab
degenerate. a being husband her about was made ISIS that video The video. D.T. a made ISIS said she when week last lied Clinton Hillary
evening. great a - Mississippi from returned Just
https://t.co/hfYdkY5DKq #VoteTrump2016! &amp; out get to word the spread &amp; night this Remember #Mississippi! #Biloxi you Thank
evening! amazing an be Will massive. and overflowing is crowd the that is Word rally. the for Mississippi in arrived Just
https://t.co/1VMngEMLzT #VoteTrump2016 support! your for you Thank expected. crowds Massive Mississippi. Biloxi to Heading
U.S.A.! the interests-only special or lobbyists by controlled not I'm party. either in one only the campaign my self-funding am I Remember
$$$$! puppets mere are candidates the - beware candidates to giving are lobbyists and interests special the money the of all at look I When
women! those abused Hillary how and is he hypocrite a what see can voters that so issues women's about talking starts Clinton Bill hope I
better! much not is Hillary but individual energy low a is Bush Jeb president. be to stamina or strength the have doesn't Clinton Hillary
vigilant! be must We U.S. the in so do to O.K. not but WALL a building by Israel from Muslims ban to O.K. is it that said Clinton Hillary
chance! no Has polls. the in him of ahead people many the on money interest special his focus should who "stiff" energy low a is .@JebBush
ads! hit Trump on spend to continue will he announced just he family his and himself both to embarrassment total A case. sad a is .@JebBush
https://t.co/utrl0UnQau https://t.co/29z0XuXVf0 PHOTOS: IN 2015 it! to forward Look night. tomorrow Mississippi in expected crowds Massive
https://t.co/bziqUSHnbi support! your for YOU THANK #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we together &amp; #VoteTrump2016
me! for honor great a indeed is This Year. the of Man 2015 the me naming for https://t.co/8OMryrUVET to much so you Thank
swamped! be will she - ever turnout voter largest the be will It me. far by is against run to wants least Clinton Hillary that person The
it. to forward Look massive! be to going are crowds the hear - night tomorrow Mississippi to going be will I
around! country our turn can we that so win to hard very working be will and planned stops many have I begun. officially has year the Well
https://t.co/6UsqSiaaj7 support. their of all for family great my to you Thank #MarALago! from Year New Happy
https://t.co/EeQb8PDrUe #HappyNewYearAmerica!
https://t.co/uxUXWJ1Rbv https://t.co/YO1Yi8QbZy YOU! THANK &amp; YEAR NEW HAPPY
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE together! Year New the in ring will We P.M. 11:50 at family my of members with live @FoxNews on be will I
AGAIN! GREAT AND AGAIN SAFE AMERICA MAKE FINALLY TO TOGETHER WORK ALL MUST WE YEAR. NEW HEALTHY AND HAPPY A everyone wish to like would I
BAD! end. to all it want just They e-mails. Hillary's of more released just EVE YEAR'S NEW on Department State The that believe you Do
https://t.co/dtMAsIq4cf https://t.co/lg5kMbNLYK 2016! IN VOTE to out friends- &amp; family get to forget not Let's ILLINOIS! YOU THANK
https://t.co/nbxPVdarJM https://t.co/ULerCEOCGX #TBT you! of proud Very @DonaldJTrumpJr! son my to BIRTHDAY HAPPY
me on ads hit of $'s of millions took he fact the for than other campaign his with doing is he badly how and @JebBush for sorry feel would I
https://t.co/IEIXos0wh9 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
me! on ads hit $ big his of Because polls?" the in low so is he when @JebBush about millions to re-tweet and tweet you do "why ask People
@hughhewitt WIN! top. the at am and nothing almost spent have I polls. the of bottom the at is and $63000000 spent has .@JebBush
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to movement a now is This enthusiasm. fantastic and crowd Record Carolina. South in day GREAT A
years! 2 in dead be will McQuaid Joe "Stinky" publisher by ground the into run been has which newspaper @UnionLeader dying that predict I
https://t.co/RhN5gVNBqM now. right Wayne John a use could country Our Wayne. John great late the of daughter the from letter lovely A
https://t.co/9Lr1v6vjJb #Trump2016 Nevada!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain you thank poll- Great
night! tomorrow @foxnews to in tune should Everybody 2016. Year New the in ring to @kimguilfoyle and @ericbolling with live be to going I'm
https://t.co/TBAD5MeYCE #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina! South Head Hilton you Thank
https://t.co/L5IAlbsdkw https://t.co/RLCz17tIas #Trump2016 @SCTeamTrump Carolina! South Head Hilton you Thank
@seanhannity hosting terrific was he and lately television on @RichLowry enjoyed really I've but this saying be I'd thought never I
much. him helped haven't comments my and loser a It's @UnionLeader. the sell to trying desperately is (@deucecrew) McQuaid Joe
out! knocked got that bully a like them- about comments my over turmoil in is NH in newspaper @UnionLeader dying The
exciting very crowd Big Carolina. South to go to ready getting Florida in now I'm people. and crowd amazing night last fantastic was Iowa
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE words. nice the for Thanks night. last @seanhannity on great were You .@CharlesHurt
https://t.co/IPsJPVH5JP https://t.co/VTAe68eQ1k #FITN more!#Trump2016 no silent is majority silent The Iowa! Bluffs Council YOU THANK
unethical. tweets---very and me from speeches donations lunches ads wanted Leader Union dying the of (@deucecrew) McQuaid Joe
newspaper. Leader Union dying the by served properly not are love I who Hampshire New of people great The
debate! failed his do didn't I why saying wrote I letter the out put to is Leader Union dying the of (@deucecrew) McQuaid Joe dumb how Shows
America! &amp; Republicans for disaster total a were which hearings #Benghazi the at did he than Rubio for better does @TGowdySC hope I
https://t.co/nw7BIAW7HV President! real a need We
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! fantastic! be will -- on is rally weather Despite today. later Iowa Bluffs Council in being to forward Looking
way! my country Run done. &amp; million $59 spent has Bush Jeb place. 1st in am and president for run my on nothing almost spent have I So
Iowa/N.H./S.C. in big spend will I place).Now 1st in am (and little very spent have I budget under $35000000 is president for campaign My
https://t.co/SxuutW2onm https://t.co/cEMKihLZbK #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Trump" behind.....Donald up line "Minorities
it! gets really he - @FoxNews on hosting at terrific is .@jessebwatters
racist! a called was and badly failed terrible was He 2008. in Obama against Hillary help to in brought was Clinton Bill that Remember
https://t.co/I1lMmcYk3l https://t.co/QPj5gb3wib #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire! New Nashua you- Thank
https://t.co/yhQUQiuswl https://t.co/dTL7uybyeH #Trump2016 you! Thank
https://t.co/yawywElMwa Video: months. 6 past the over campaign- my of video this for supporter #Trump2016 a to you Thank
disaster! a them triple &amp; double will he while taxes lowering I'm because me to over coming allies Sanders Bernie wacko see I but Strange
now! leadership strong and smart need leaders.We our in faith lost have people and few too are jobs good low too are country are in Wages
FIX! WILL I sad! time part are now We countries. other to shipped gone long are want country our of people the that jobs great the of Many
BAD years. in raise effective no and - of dreamed long have they that jobs of kind the getting not are hard so worked has middle-class The
wrong! she's me on card women's the playing while abuse women of record terrible his with husband her unleash can she thinks Hillary If
FAST! Party. Republican Virginia's in place taking is that mess total the out straighten can Committee National Republican the Hopefully
RNC Stupid! late. too is it before Virginia of Party Republican The out Straighten
Lie! high. too are America in wages feel I that said crime e-mail her on pass a Hillary gave he when campaign his blew .@BernieSanders-who
change! a for win and smart Be IT! LOVE Dems The victory. of chance any doom will excluding are Virginia of Party Republican the voters The
NOW! ACT MUST RNC mistake. Suicidal voters. new needed desperately allow not now Will row. a in times 7 statewide lost has R.P.Virginia
BAD! voters. new and unaffiliated independent disallow to hard working is RNC the by controlled Virginia of Party Republican begins It
strength/stamina! do-no to able be not will she which something safe country our keep will I and Hillary than women for more far do will I
https://t.co/XNV9Bg2ccY #Trump2016https://t.co/CE9f0mukFm you! Thank
inappropriate! so SEXISM FOR PENCHANT A DEMONSTRATED HE'S but campaign to out husband her letting is she that announced has Clinton Hillary
leaders! Weak smart. and tough really get and enough had have we say we do point what At cties. European for issued was warning terror new A
https://t.co/wm9Y7E9RzB https://t.co/PBOKbGIaVB Story: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
CHANGE! MUST country. our in stay knowingly criminals letting are We years. many in number lowest the are U.S. the in deportations Criminal
it fix will I dying. are people and horrendous is wait The before. ever than shape worse in is reported been just has it V.A. Phoenix The
Hillary. beat won't I say now 21%) by leading and place (1st well do or lead wouldn't I that or run wouldn't I said that people same The
Hillary! beat will I ratings. along-no came I until air the off going was he think to reporting...and his in dishonest so is .@chucktodd
Again! Great America Make and ALL IT WIN don't we if however meaningless Totally 2015. of story #1 was TRUMP that announced just @CNN
Never! it?" for pay to going is Mexico and wall great a wall a build must "we say particular in Hillary and Democrats the will When
quickly! this fix will I stop will That V.A. the at incompetence and corruption of because badly very treated being are VETERANS great Our
3%. at is and million $59 spent He's LOVE? OF ACT AN as border the across came illegals that said @JebBush candidate failed when Remember
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE stay. and over come visitors let we before them fix to need we and (country!) house our in problems many have We
Politics! illegally. here are who people deport to starting me of because now are Obama President and Democrats the that see everyone Does
more! on her Have clearly. very it sees and politics in on going is what gets She @FoxNews on today GREAT was .@deedeesorvino
done! be will It AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we Together year. amazing really a have and day great a Have all. to Christmas Merry
indeed! wise Very today. @CNN on job Great .@danielhalper
it! doubt year-but next better do will @NBC Perhaps reporting. Bad video. ISIS the about lying Hillary report you didn't Why .@HallieJackson
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE tonight. church to going be will and Florida Beach Palm in now am I
Chuck! honest Be Cruz. than higher 21points 39% at am I where Poll @CNN new the showing not in dishonest very @chucktodd and .@meetthepress
better! even CNN Poll? Q older the of instead doing am I well how discussing when Poll @CNN newer much the using @chucktodd isn't Why
time! about It's RAIDS. DEPORTATION SCALE LARGE LAUNCH TO ICE me by on put pressure the of because Wow
soundly her beating and candidate flawed totally a Clinton Hillary against running to forward look I one. interesting an be will year Next
Bill! about Think bias. of circle Hillary the in totally are @nytimes failing the of Haberman Maggie and Chozick Amy reporters rate Third
drain! the down money your throwing Stop 39%. at I'm 3% at is Jeb Poll. @CNN new the in @JebBush past just has Paul Rand lowly even Wow
SAD! SO - him destroys which answer my allow doesn't but debate the during me to speaking is Jeb me about ad @JebBush ridiculous the In
needs! U.S. what That's lot). a (by top I'm gone) (and bottom He's nothing. almost spent I campaign his on million $50 spent @JebBush Poor
https://t.co/PSeVbWUJIV https://t.co/qUpZphfhV3 Story: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TBT! perfect &amp; movie Christmas great A
caused-stupidity she destruction and death the deplore I campaign." his of rhetoric inflammatory and tone the deplore really "I said Hillary
https://t.co/Sqim2YyoCH #Trump2016https://t.co/XIVw5LdTqv Holidays!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Happy &amp; Christmas Merry
CAREFUL! BE women. for respect great have I to. referring you are who sexism" for penchant "a about complain you when Hillary
Lead pt. 21 categories. ALL in amazing Poll @CNN New media. the by badly so treated am I when much so by winning am I believe to hard is It
Trump of coverage Unfair won. Romney thinks Still biased. so is pundits) Fox other (and He airtime. much so @KarlRove give @FoxNews does Why
negative! All Poll. @CNN out just the than lead smaller much a have I where Poll Quinnipiac old Using badly. so me treats .@FoxNews
Bad kids. @tedcruz attacking cartoon nasty a did today #Amazon on taxes imposing not for (power) lobbyist the is which @washingtonpost The
https://t.co/wBdSg5ab25 #Trump2016 VOTING!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain of importance the Remember more! no silent is majority- silent The
card. degraded being women or women on war the play you as Hillary careful Be pathetic. was yesterday event staged Clinton Hillary The
https://t.co/e9dEs4HuwQ #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/MWMFn4asWH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we Together- America! you Thank
10 RUBIO 10 CARSON 18 CRUZ up. way Likeability category. major every in leads and 39 TRUMP POLL @CNN NEW - out just news Big
again! prosper to able be to going ever is country our if skill making deal incredible and heart stamina strength with PRESIDENT a need We
Sad! wrong. is definition the that know they when public the for word a define incorrectly so to able is media biased the that shame a is It
politics! in word used Often this. knows media The badly. beaten got meant it Obama by schlonged got Clinton Hillary that said I When
https://t.co/TUDwrg6RsD #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Drudge! of top the at is This 11 CRUZ 37 TRUMP AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to want you if lead Big out. just Poll Reuters new Wow
#MSM Dishonest badly. beaten means it them meaning-tell false it giving is #MSM bc "schlonged" word the of use my defending TV on those For
#Hypocrisy polls." the at schlonged get to on went ticket "That campaign: Mondale/Ferraro 1984 re: WaPo to "schlonged" said @NealConan NPR's
badly. beaten meant that "schlonged" got Hillary said I When vulgar. not is "Schlonged" dishonest. is #MSM again Once
pathetic! really is He statements. Jeb's answering me have doesn't but face my shows lobbyists by for paid me against buy ad big Jeb's
biased! and Boring television. on people talented least the of one be to @secupp consider and @CNN Watching
https://t.co/dE9odwIRQi https://t.co/yreUny7shA rally.VIDEO: Michigan packed at Trump love narrative media defy Women
incoherent. around terrible--fumbled be to all by said were debate the in closing and opening .@JebBush's
debate? the in statement his to answer my show ads his in @JebBush doesn't Why
debate? the in wife his to apologize to me asking himself show campaign advertising phony his in @JebBush Will
work! never Will guy. tough a like look to money interest special in $'s of millions took just .@JebBush
guy. tough a like look to tries he where me against ads doing now is disaster a is campaign whose @JebBush energy low and Weak
https://t.co/ikjkpmOAeu https://t.co/jXwS0y08L7 cameras! their panned media the months for asking After night. last Michigan from Video
https://t.co/x0QaqjjMj0 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain America! YOU THANK
https://t.co/5GilNQKyzJ #Trump2016 Michigan!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain - you Thank
https://t.co/zZleg3vnJN #Trump2016https://t.co/VlGF418r2x Hampshire!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain New - you Thank
https://t.co/PPrriLTFgA https://t.co/cyRCfwxJg3 homeland! our secure &amp; correctness political end to Time Michigan! Rapids Grand YOU THANK
appreciated! much very is it support- your for thanks @HerschelWalker
there. you See evening! amazing an be will - Michigan for leave to ready Getting
video. no is There ISIS. by used being me of video" "the about told she lie the for me to apologize will Clinton Hillary that think you Do
work! great the up Keep made. being is progress Big thoughts. and words kind your of all for @AndreaTantaros Thanks
slaughter! to led being are We smart. and tough get leaders our will When Afghanistan. in troops U.S. killed just has bomber suicide A
lie! Hillary admitted an was that Trump Donald of tape a not -- ISIS to rise gave that incompetence &amp; weakness total Democrats' the It's
https://t.co/sk713ir5NQ https://t.co/jCxqfVCGB6 America' for hope 'last is Trump Schlafly: Phyllis
Again! Great America Make tonight. crowd Big Michigan. of State great the to go to ready Getting
cable! vs. network major on were they And 6700000. - DEBATE DEMOCRAT CLINTON 18000000. - DEBATE GOP TRUMP out: Just
MAGA! leadership? incompetent of years more 4 want we Do be." to need we where finally are "we ISIS to respect with said Hillary
video. a was never There debate. the of purposes for me about up made she story disgusting the for Clinton Hillary from apology an demand I
apology! story-want up made She jihadistst." radical more recruit to order in videos showing people to "going is ISIS debate at said Hillary
happened! have never would This price. record a for ago months 6 it sold I Pageant. Universe Miss the at night last happened what sad Very
win! can't loser a of talk the is That 2%. now is he where be rather would he front-runner the be to want didn't he said today .@JebBush
https://t.co/Fd48umfyCw #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank Illinois! of out poll Great
WATCH. @IMG. owner new great people Great now. on 3 final .@MissUniverse
in! Tune #Fox! on tonight on are they and me from pageants Universe Miss the bought @IMG of @AriEmanuel friend My
presidential! very Not night. last podium the from missing was Hillary when strange really was It
SAD! night. last debate the at LIED Hillary Therefore me. of video ISIS no was their that admitted spokesperson Clinton Hillary
case! basket A confidence. his affected totally have to seems falling and 2% at Being today. Nation The Face on terrible was .@JebBush
https://t.co/cUy3VaDAGo https://t.co/n2C6bAdYNa that.#Trump2016 have not does Hillary stamina. &amp; strength great with #POTUS a need We
FALSE @FoxNews: by checked fact was This tool." recruiting a as Trump Donald of video using is "ISIS that said she when lied Clinton Hillary
opposite! - it believe people so that says She so. said she because me against run to wants Hillary that believes stupidly .@GStephanopoulos
https://t.co/7FkgBAqF4A #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/KorKlSr01P #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump2016 poll. previous from +/- with poll post-debate @FoxNews America! you Thank
https://t.co/dlpd0EkR45 https://t.co/0llSs8U77Q Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Rapids Cedar you Thank
747. old massive a on Hawaii to way the all flies he yet and footprint Carbon so-called the of speaking time much so spends Obama President
person! Disloyal failed). (but bus the under him threw she then and himself hurting debate the at E-mails on Hillary backed Sanders See
https://t.co/Pa9PCuPbyr #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump2016 YOU! THANK poll. post-debate new Another
https://t.co/ezCsk3cWaJ #VoteTrump2016 VOTE! to out everyone get to need we - importantly Most support! your of all for you Thank
rock! a as Dumb BUSH! another is needs country our thing last The
himself. to true remain should He President. for campaign incompetent his with family his &amp; himself embarrassed has .@JebBush
https://t.co/1O67oFDofU #Trump2016https://t.co/PUGaxGCASM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
advertising! False response. my not but debate the in statement his shows he where ads doing is @JebBush ineffective &amp; Weak
it! of ashamed be don’t &amp; name last your using Try disaster. a is campaign whose @JebBush for idea an have I
elected. get I after out find you’ll ISIS--as on tough always was I point. a make to order in misrepresent Don’t .@MelindaDC
https://t.co/55NWoy7OHG Seized." Passports European 150 Turkey in Arrested Suspects "ISIS beginning: the Only saying. been have I As
https://t.co/zOe0gDe0AJ #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain thank - poll Reuters New
https://t.co/teKBaKdXzK https://t.co/vObIAhilWs oil! the bomb to need We years. for it saying been have I oil. on $400M/year making is #ISIS
https://t.co/0P4qSnAltb https://t.co/frS7alctbB #Trump2016 #POTUS. as best terrorism of threat the handle will who question no is There
tickets-https://t.co/QcqOsG3jqo your Get Saturday. this RapidsIA Cedar in be will I #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/uJu4zrzXL8 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/xkki2M6ht1 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you! Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #Kimmel @ABC. on minutes 20 in @jimmykimmel on be Will
irrelevant. is he because - no said I show. his on me have to wanted he and failing is Blaze The #Fox. by dog a like fired got .@GlennBeck
https://t.co/Z3fVfHCKIo more. &amp; #GOPDebate the about talking be will - Arizona Mesa from 8:00pmE at tonight @oreillyfactor doing be will I
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #Kimmel @ABC. on 11:35pmE at tonight @jimmykimmel on be Will
https://t.co/dl6IuSHwtK #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain support! your for you Thank #GOPDebate. the of winner Clear
stamina. no strength no - ineffective and weak is Clinton Hillary
ad's. buy and puppet their is he money interest special his of some take probably he'll Now debate. the at night tough a had Bush Jeb
work! great the up Keep fun. and interesting was debate The @ktmcfarland. words nice the for you Thank
more! and debate the about talking be Will P.M. 8:00 at tonight @oreillyfactor the on interviewed be Will
points. 27 by place first In brilliant. campaign and Trump calls O'Reilly Bill
follow! to want you people the are those and do Others politics. for instinct natural a have doesn't just but hard so works .@MarkHalperin
night! good a was It @CNN. on morning this words nice your for @davidaxelrod you Thank
interesting! and fun was It agree. polls All night. last debate the winning for credit me given have people many so you Thank
#Trump2016 honor. great my is It tonight. winner a was I saying for - @FrankLuntz you Thank
#GOPDebatehttps://t.co/OhI1qXEOzC security. about talking we're religion; about talking not We're
#Trump2016https://t.co/czHzN0QkQN #GOPDebate
https://t.co/Bwyu1U3rHU https://t.co/nMNilyuL2F #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Let's #GOPDebate. for Departing
you! Thank IOWA. in one number am I that announced just (PPP) POLLING POLICY PUBLIC respected Highly
https://t.co/yjWiLBGUpm it! report won't media - worry Don't 28%! w/ Leading poll. last from points 6 up Iowa- in released just poll PPP New
https://t.co/3FGB0NyfaO forget! won't I friend my &amp; intellects great truly the of one As piece. your read to honor an what .@ConradMBlack
https://t.co/XHIweo9LWG #TheRemembranceProjecthttps://t.co/zMW0mkkFEg
Joe! words nice the for Thanks football. than more far knows He @FoxNews. on analyst political a as great was #JoeTheismann .
lies! @megynkelly dopey bad Too more. and @Slate @TIME @DRUDGE_REPORT including polls debate all to according far so debate every won I
fair! not @FoxNews others among @megynkelly overrated highly @GeorgezWill deadpan @KarlRove dummy @krauthammer monger war Iraq Between
fairly! treated get I hope - forward Look tonight. debate the for waiting and ready getting Vegas Las Hotel International Trump in am I
bad! - do I well how matter No tonight. performance debate my about yet scripts their written have flunkies her and @megynkelly if wonder I
41to14. Poll Monmouth new the in Cruz and me between difference the out figure to unable totally was She math. at bad very is .@megynkelly
15! said She lead. pt 27 or 14 to 41 poll Monmouth new the away explain to hard worked @FoxNews at anchor overrated most the .@megynkelly
press place).Dishonest (2nd poll negative one the use to want only They lead. big a having me with Poll Iowa @CNN the using anyone isn't Why
it use doesn't then - 20% to 33% 13% by Cruz over place first in me shows which Poll Iowa an for fortune a paid @CNN that amazing it Isn't
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE 38%. - @washingtonpost @ABC from Poll National out just phenomenal a and polls Iowa good very two had just I Wow
#Trump2016https://t.co/yohiKUsL3V #MakeAmericaGreatAgain support! your for you Thank
https://t.co/J0qJaIg35u https://t.co/uUwRk7RuGK #Trump2016 support. continued your for YOU THANK Nevada! Vegas Las in evening an What
Hillary! beat easily &amp; party the into people more bring will I @krauthammer. overrated highly against me of defense horrible @oreillyfactor
@andydean2014 @andersoncooper poll? Iowa #CNN the use @CNN doesn't Why
#Trump2016 @CNN. on work Great @CarlHigbie. you Thank
it. get really you that understand fully I appreciated. much very are They words. nice your for @hardball_chris you Thank
https://t.co/dfH0ABwZk0 #Trump2016https://t.co/yjAIiFuVWm #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
in! him let - ridiculous So price. the paid He's Fame. of Hall the for @PeteRose_14 rejected just Baseball League Major believe Can't
#GOPDebate. the at you See words. nice the for you Thank CNN. on fantastic were you - .@scottienhughes
#Tump2016 Pat! you Thank @FoxNews. @TeamCavuto on great was .@PatrickBuchanan
https://t.co/cgdLz26mdA #Trump2016 nice! @WayneAllynRoot.Very you Thank
you! Thank redesign. best with Monster Blue @TrumpDoral awarded Odyssey- Golf respected Highly @TrumpGolf. for accolade great Another
#Trump2016 https://t.co/ZDDDawwYVl#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Health: of Record
https://t.co/vz73TaAjjc #Trump2016https://t.co/vqrkZwc2ae #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/UwTKKhhO3C Doors’ the Down ‘Kick Can Trump Rebellion’ in Is Country ‘The Gingrich: Newt EXCLUSIVE:
it! about Think others. all and Cruz Ted over lead 20% to 33% a have I where Poll @CNN Iowa new the quote @FoxNews doesn't Why
problems! complex very to solutions finding on energy their of all focus and correct politically so be to working stop to got have People
politics! of world wonderful the to welcome Well it. deny then and caught get back my behind speak would Cruz Ted that disappointed was I
discuss. to bashers Trump three Will and Lane Rove on puts then He fair. be to order in @FoxNews of Wallace Chris with interview did I
renovation. the after best worlds the be will Sun The In Duel The of home Turnberry at Course Championship the that think Many
Nice! lead. the in am and month last from up went I wherein released just was Poll Journal Street NBC/Wall good very A
you. of proud am I days early difficult those from way long a come have You exciting! very - night last job Great .@danawhite
credibility! no him can should @FoxNews money! your Save boring). (and terrible is book @KarlRove that me tell it read have that People
A.M. 10:00 at @fox Wallace Chris
https://t.co/iWcW5kfI9i #Trump2016https://t.co/UB7Fx7A835 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A.M. 9:00 at @jaketapper .@CNN
2M. vs M 24 debates the like Just history. U.S. in turnout voter biggest the be will myself and Hillary between election An .@Peggynoonannyc
me! for vote to out come will system the on up given have that People easily. Hillary beat will I but article Interesting .@Peggynoonannyc
loser a is Karl it for fall Don't defeat. of path old same the down Republicans pushing is he - @KarlRove dopey with done be must Something
lead! point -13 Poll Iowa CNN A.M. 10:O0 at Wallace Chris with Sunday News Fox and A.M. 9:00 at @CNN @jaketapper on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/svQQhAHBow https://t.co/VgxjEVFGJK 9amE. at morning tomorrow Union the of State - CNN's on be will I
Trump! towards biased poll- Register Moines Des trust Don't down! way else Everyone 20. Cruz 33 Trump --- poll Iowa CNN New
https://t.co/FCrYNoqYTb #Trump2016 General. you Thank
https://t.co/EtpzrfChMZ https://t.co/iOnhK3l3xU #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina! South you Thank afternoon. great A
https://t.co/LRPDW10zwl so. you told I country. our infiltrate believers its have to machine passport a has now #ISIS say Reports
https://t.co/K2XzwZygYk 46-41! folks! head your Use Trump! is face to wants Hillary person last b/c Cruz be will nominee says Podesta John
tonight! watch to fight his ordered Just job. amazing an done has who winner total A lot. a means UFC of @DanaWhite of support the Getting
Carolina! South in crowd big to Heading you! thank me to words amazing your about tweeted have people many so .@Franklin_Graham
https://t.co/ENjJkTEQIJ #Trump2016https://t.co/0DA5isXMRz you! Thank
about! talk to much So A.M. 8:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
both! to Congrats Malkin. Michelle columnist syndicated with interview fantastic a did .@loudobbsnews
people! great Iowa from back got Just
https://t.co/2HdnA6snnz https://t.co/2Xzs2aSqII #Trump2016 support. the of all for you Thank tonight! Iowa Moines Des in time great a had I
safe. Americans keep will We words. kind your for you Thank tonight. @FoxNews on @SeanHannity with great were you .@MonicaCrowley
#Trump2016 elected. get I when it do Can’t money. daddy’s with politicians U.S. our control to wants @Alwaleed_Talal Prince Dopey
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain @BoDiet! &amp; @SeanHannity you Thank
https://t.co/0l00OVCo5b #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 to Time 12%. at in coming #2 with poll Reuters new in 35% at are We you! Thank
https://t.co/IKXGxoi0lA https://t.co/3bbHsaGSUm #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 down! you let not will I
listens! nobody commentary- bias their do to allowed be shouldn't @KarlRove friend his &amp; Him Governor. PA &amp; 'Bushy' failed a is Ridge Tom
win! will I process. thought faulty your w/ apart it ripping than rather together party the bring to trying on focused be should Ridge Tom
CNN. respected to according IA in 13 Up w/them. on going something's think I Register/Bloomberg. Moines Des failing from #'s good get Never
https://t.co/UZ03GJDvOV https://t.co/mG6uZQxBWG Wow. 43%! with first in me shows poll Landmark out just The Georgia! in news Great
https://t.co/QmXD8kHFhS Scotland. in resort Turnberry great the at construction under ballroom spectacular Our
problem. rating his fixed I winning! particular in and politics about little so knows He hopeless. just but guy nice a is .@chucktodd
time of waste out them tuning am I me. against run to want not does she - easily Hillary beat will I rails. the off went just .@Morning_Joe
way! that fun more - open the into out them bring should he bosses his to doors closed behind statements make not should .@tedcruz
easy! be Will others. all like fall will he so hope I must. he much so by leading am I attack. to ready getting is @tedcruz like Looks
easily! Hillary beat I Also Iowa. win will I poll. @CNN new in big leading am I which Iowa on off so is .@Morning_Joe
you. Thank people! great territory big - Union Police England New the from endorsement the Got Hampshire. New in night last evening Great
guy. nice a is he But winning! about know doesn't just He @oreillyfactor. on tonight good not was .@BernardGoldberg
40! to 45 margin- wide a by head to head Hillary beat and Republicans all lead I out. just poll Consult Morning Respected
army.https://t.co/LQVNz7b2Eb British the join than ISIS join Muslims more Britain In
ever! than so more now but courage your appreciated always have I @Franklin_Graham. to you Thank
https://t.co/JrjHyLRkD6 https://t.co/zj47db1Yj1 you! Thank Association. Benevolent Police England New the by endorsed be to honor An
https://t.co/iVPJcDQLeO immigration" Muslim stopping about right is Trump Donald says Graham Franklin "Why
Hillary. beating me has poll Fox New ahead. way me has that poll CBS released just the with crazy going is @KarlRove flunky Establishment
life! a get should won--he Romney thinks still He statements. false write and make to continues @KarlRove Dummy
https://t.co/yOJTHcSPJo https://t.co/lC9l8PnRZX #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! NOT will #PoliticallyCorrect Being support! your for you Thank
… … https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gift! holiday great a now--makes yours Order AMERICA. CRIPPLED book my of copies signing am I
me! with agree U.K. the in people Many @FoxNews. on https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U Daily of Hopkins Katie watch should U.K. the of politicians The
problems. Muslim U.K.'s the on writing powerful her for https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U Daily of Hopkins Katie columnist respected to you Thank
honest. Be sad! very happening is what to wise is Everybody problem. Muslim massive their disguise to hard trying is Kingdom United The
U.S. the of President become I after date later a at @Netanyahu with meeting my schedule to and Israel to trip my postpone to decided have I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE fast. really fixed it get better We country. our in else much so like broken is system VISA Our
about! talk to much So 7:30. at morning this @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
roof! the through gone have and announced been just have numbers poll my Wow
crazy! driven being she's weird Really me. on time much so spending shows other about talking show her of part big a spent .@Megynkelly
@CNN rock! a as Dumb test. I.Q. an given unless television on allowed be shouldn't @TheRickWilson like people conflicted totally and Weak
@CNN done. professionally very - @donlemon tonight interview Great
Time! run should You Year. the of Person Magazine's @TIME been have should I why to as editorial wonderful your for @oreillyfactor you Thank
https://t.co/VmkTnHcwto https://t.co/hEM6UGuiTs areas: no-go discuss Police officials. enforcement law support and to listen leaders Great
gone! be soon will she hear I clue. a have doesn't who loser biased totally a @secupp like people with audience their bore @CNN does Why
@CNN talent! zero watch to Hard T.V. on pundits dumber the of one is badly so bombed has candidate her that believe can't who .@secupp
P.M. 10:00 at @CNN on .@donlemon
https://t.co/JWFE5tDg50 #Trump2016 Carolina! South support your of all for you Thank
Enjoy! @CNN. on @donlemon by interviewed am I 10:00 at Then 8:00. at tonight @oreillyfactor the on interviewed am I
https://t.co/Kok27117dl Crisis" Hostage During U.S. To Coming From Iranians Banned "Carter
https://t.co/d99X4O9ysG Muslims" of Profiling Racial Demands Donor Hollywood Top Clinton’s Hillary Saban: Haim "
https://t.co/xok4UTsXaN cars.” own our in uniform wear can’t “We Mail. Daily in article Major right. I’m say London in police The
https://t.co/QXqHpAH4jo it! get finally you @JebBush- you Thank
https://t.co/UvKt1Go6nT into. getting they're what know don't they Piers you Thank
life! me.Low to referring in word disgusting a such using for ashamed be should job terrible a doing is who Philadelphia of .@Mayor_Nutter
… … https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn now! yours Order gift. holiday great a Makes AMERICA. CRIPPLED book my of copies signing am I
https://t.co/HWOLO4RVAC " Sense' Makes Pause' Refugee 'Complete Trump: Defends Murdoch "Rupert
Germany ruining is who person picked They favorite big the being despite year the of person as me pick never would Magazine @TIME you told I
trouble! or - leader next our for smart super and strong need We President. be to STAMINA or STRENGTH the have not does Clinton Hillary
Poll-Trump! Fox New state. every in her beating up end I'll Trump. J. Donald is against run to wants Clinton Hillary corrupt person last The
sad! Haberman Maggie 33%. at am I - points 13 massive a by Iowa leading me has that Poll @CNN new the mention not does @nytimes failing The
@CNN! to according "Trump" for lead BIG Hampshire. New of out coming just numbers poll Great
U.S. into coming people certain of uncertainty and danger tremendous the acknowledge to refuse that people foolish many So day. a what Wow
late! too is it before FAST tough very and smart very get better We terrorism. Islamic radical from threat major a facing is country Our
report. @AP false the to response in is This time. this at Jordan visiting be not will I II Abdullah King for respect great my Despite
it. to forward looking much very am I Israel. to traveling be will I year the of end the to Prior
https://t.co/EAqHZ5ttmp https://t.co/r5K58xu8Mp #Trump2016 safe! country this keep to need We you! Thank NH. from poll new Great
Enjoy @BarbaraJWalters! legendary the by Interviewed 6:30. at tonight News @ABC on be Will
PM. 6:30 at @WNTonight on campaign Presidential the about questions me asking be will @BarbaraJWalters legendary The
results. the in interested very be Will Hampshire. New in PM 6 at out coming is poll big very A
https://t.co/ztP5d2ctZl independent. an as ran &amp; GOP the departed I if me for vote would supporters my of 68% that indicates poll new A
… https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gift! holiday great a now--makes yours Order AMERICA. CRIPPLED book my of copies signing am I
big! up going points margin13 wide a by lead I correctly. Poll Iowa @CNN out just the reported had Journal Street Wall @WSJ the wish I
won! easily I that fact the about nothing but momentum" "Cruz reported @WSJ but 11% Rubio 20% Cruz 33% Trump BIG: Poll @CNN IOWA won Just
https://t.co/n0Ph35qsKV #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USSYorktown Carolina! South support the for you Thank
https://t.co/Ko0rypNsx8 https://t.co/CBxrWeRZhP #Trump2016 SC. in proposal latest my to reacting crowd tonights of video Great
Iowa! you Thank @nytimes. failing story false your Change Iowa. in lead point 13 big a me gives Poll @CNN released Just
surrender! to needs #ISIS believe I -- rights constitutional surrender to wants media stream main The
https://t.co/1Z9Z4uDWaf #USSYorktown it! to forward Look crowd. Big Carolina. South Pleasant Charleston/Mount to way my On
https://t.co/d1dhaIs0S7 https://t.co/HCWU16z6SR Immigration: Muslim Preventing on Statement
vigilant! be must We country. our into coming danger &amp; hatred of influx extraordinary the on statement policy important very a out put Just
https://t.co/uymSlYv7Jq #FITN #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Iowa! you Thank
you! Thank poll. CNN Iowa out just the in Evangelicals the from received have I support tremendous the for grateful especially am I
that! than better even be will results final the believe I end the In Iowa. in poll CNN the of results the by honored greatly am I
winning! at good I’m that get doesn’t Post Trump.The Donald beat to how candidates failing tell to way its of out going is .@washingtonpost
https://t.co/HVrucgzWfs #RememberOurVets them! thank today vet a see you If today. ago years 74 #PearlHarbor at fallen the honor we Today
https://t.co/ijaxXpe6xT takes- it what have doesn't @JohnKasich Poor
https://t.co/UICDNcftJS FBI" Celebrations: Muslim 9-11 on Source "Credible
https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gift! holiday great a now--makes yours Order AMERICA. CRIPPLED book my of copies signing am I
it! saving is scam @washingtonpost The bag. paper a like crumble would it and crash would stock its taxes fair pay to had ever @amazon If
shelter tax Big @Amazon! of taxation low on public screw to power @JeffBezos owner gives and deduction) (a money loses @washingtonpost The
@amazon. company profit no his at down taxes keeping of purposes for @JeffBezos by owned is fortune a loses which @washingtonpost The
Disgrace crime! and homeless the streets dirty the with happening is what watching hate I States. United the in Mayor worst the has N.Y.C.
day! of best O-rated standing Got you" like negotiator a "I'm said I D.C. in friends many group Jewish a to candidates other with spoke I
profiling? Obama Is who? and about talking he is sport What heroes. sports our are Muslims that speech his in said Obama
W.R. &amp; NEWS U.S. of Roff Peter with interview great your and coverage fair really your for @OANN Ledger Daily the of Ledger Graham you Thank
TERRORISTS. ISLAMIC RADICAL with WAR at are we that it) say can't just (he say to refused Obama Well
saying). been have I (like ago years oil the after gone have Should
ISIL. than rather else everyone almost like ISIS say would Obama Wish
FAST! - President new a need We is? there all that Is
Amendment! 2nd. the apart ripping time much too spend won't he Hope
key. the be will words the but good Not odd! looks Office Oval the in podium The
defeated. soundly be will She Islam! radical out call won't Hillary
stuff. Important (great)! good them Make tweets. insightful hopefully and imaginative most better your of some re-tweeting be will I
TERRORISM! ISLAMIC RADICAL TALK MUST EASTERN). ( P.M. 7:50 AT SPEECH OBAMA'S PRESIDENT TWEETING LIVE BE WILL I TONIGHT. TWITTER ON NIGHT BIG
nice! not still Chuck but job his saved I - records set he me with then ratings terrible getting was @chucktodd with @meetthepress Gee
https://t.co/03UZBGCswB Hanukkah! Happy happiness! &amp; health world the around from friends Jewish our bring Lights of Festival the May
https://t.co/QFCHFo88rN #Trump2016 now!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain sometime for it saying been have I
https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn weeks! two next the for books signing be will I gifts. holiday your for AMERICA CRIPPLED book my Order
https://t.co/DQiox2k2DV #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! all will we Together America! you Thank
George! thanks progress making am I Wallace. Chris with @FoxNewsSunday on today me about things nice very some said @GeorgeWill Wow
problems? real the state finally he (Eastern).Will P.M. 7:50 at starting tonight speech prime-time Obama's President live-tweeting be will I
smart! very look you make will I words. nice your for much so you Thank .@BrookslawBrooks
Nation? The Face on do I did how So
now! on be will - Nation The Face Watch
e-mails! the &amp; Obama of afraid is She why. saying of incapable was but - Islamic" "radical term the use not will she that said just Hillary
ENJOY! - interesting be Should A.M. 10:30 at @CBSNews Nation The Face on interviewed be will I
week. next do Will in. hook to equipment phone their get not could they but @CNN on @jaketapper with morning this phoner a do to going Was
TERRORIST? ISLAMIC RADICAL say ever will Obama if Wonder
#Trump2016 truth. the reporting for @GatewayPundit you Thank reporting. dishonest for fired be should @DebSopan &amp; .@KatyTurNBC
courtesy. the for you Thank show. on me to apologize to like would you sure I'm story. incorrect @KatyTurNBC incompetent copied you @Maddow
https://t.co/sCglbQjB3o Dishonest! 20min. for autos manner&amp;signed normal in Finished lied. CBS @ @SopanDeb &amp; reporter rate 3rd .@KatyTurNBC
https://t.co/QsyNbM7ssg #IAPolitics #FITN #Trump2016 support! the for YOU THANK Iowa! Davenport &amp; Spencer both in day great A
https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gifts! holiday for yours Order weeks. two next the for books signing am I -- AMERICA CRIPPLED Re
https://t.co/R7fzPgcwmx #TRUMP fan! real a by Done
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will and to want all We spirit. incredible Such night. last fantastic was Carolina North Raleigh
https://t.co/oouSXAe267 #Trump2016 YOU! THANK Carolina! North Raleigh in night great A
https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gifts. holiday for yours Order weeks. two next for books signing am I views. 25k Over nite! last Signing Live Great
https://t.co/vT3uGjiZ9B https://t.co/wpDDCWcLFD Christmas! for there shop Don't fall. free total a in is stock @Macys disloyal news Good
#Trump2016https://t.co/9BxQGTb5m2 #BeCool! --- guest your as Trump Donald have to wonderful be Must Chuck. Congratulations
https://t.co/WbToL9lqD3 @WashingtonPost: the by @NYTimes failing the in column Brooks David disgraceful the of refutation total A
https://t.co/y2XPvEoy7B #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ZbyQQkfwAh
Rubio? Marco with love in is She me. on pieces inaccurate purposely writes only @washingtonpost bloggers dumber the of one .@JRubinBlogger
report? they didn’t Why about. knew people many that terror of act absolute an was Bernardino San in place took that shooting horrible The
@FoxNews you! Thank professional. &amp; tough smart -- @EricTrump son my with interview great Martha .@marthamaccallum
https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn gifts: holiday for yours Order weeks. two next for books signing am I views. 25k Over nite! last Signing Live Great
died! puppets her that anger with incoherent is Jacobus Cheri career failed a had has who Strategist Republican incompetent virtually The
Poll. CNN new the of reporting professional very the for King John and Chalian David Camerota Alisyn thank Please @CNNPolitics &amp; .@CNN
Thanks. place. 2nd over lead point 20 a 36% TRUMP AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to want who those for numbers amazing out came just Poll .@CNN
$'s want don't But O. standing FULL Only close." even "not said who members many Know yesterday. meeting RJC the won totaly I .@MarkHalperin
https://t.co/1xnEdQyIhh now! signing book live my Watch
https://t.co/2XBs5SSRC3 Volunteer! to up Sign Again! Great America Make to campaign my join to you invite I
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH tonite. event signing streaming live my for list call potential on be &amp; now AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy your Purchase
https://t.co/EjZTiQyQCW #Trump2016 you!! Thank
https://t.co/R83Xq8kXp5 week! next you see -- people Great Hampshire! New you Thank
https://t.co/tGu2vCGNYq @DrudgeReport: Via
schedule! of ahead budget under - fast Going Ave. Penn on Office Post Old the of construction the see to Great
credibility. No advance. in Clinton to given Questions Clintons. the for foil a is @Politico losing $ rate 3rd that reported recently was It
https://t.co/vwht7S0QC3 Davi. Robert article wonderful the for much so you Thank
https://t.co/XFD3h2N50J #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 2016! in Vote you! Thank
https://t.co/tcyun7Mffy #Trump2016 you! Thank
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH streaming! live 7:30pm at me join &amp; copy signed Order family. &amp; friends for gift perfect the is AMERICA CRIPPLED
dishonest! So credibility. no with lightweight major a is Guy Schreckenger? Ben than reporters better get @Politico can't Why
construction. under Office Post Old visit then will speech a for DC in Now spirit! incredible Such night. last VA Manassas in being Loved
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH 7:30 streaming live tonite me join &amp; copy signed Order family. &amp; friends for gift perfect is AMERICA CRIPPLED
perfection show will report-it medical full a weeks two within issue to doctor long-time my instructed have I candidate presidential a As
genes! testify-great so can and years many for me watched has world assets.The greatest my of one strength and stamina health my consider I
due. is credit where credit Give shootings. California the on enforcement law and POLICE by done job GREAT the on Congratulations
sad! So shootings. California the of victims the for silence of moment a have Will rally. a for Virginia Manassas to Heading
police Go others. the with shootout a in are and shooters California the of one killed have to seem enforcement law and Police #TeamTrump.
https://t.co/TICkBtn8ff 12/3 on signing book streaming live my join &amp; now Order gift. ultimate the is AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy signed A
appreciated! so are police our when is This bless. God and enforcement law to luck Good bad. very looks shooting California
https://t.co/AsxnfFWipJ #Trump2016 witnesses. many Many apologize? media mainstream the Will vindication! Breitbart-total &amp; CBS you Thank
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to needed are which of both STAMINA OR STRENGTH NO HAS SHE head. to head Poll @FoxNews new the in Hillary beat I
https://t.co/AKgvYBZHEE Donald the with Live #Periscope: on LIVE
https://t.co/FQHNiJet2v Periscope! &amp; Facebook via - Tower Trump from live - today 2:00pmEST at me Join
https://t.co/V6TP55dRAC rate record at border across surge non-Mexicans children immigrant Illegal
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH pm. 7:30 at 12/3 on signing book streaming live my for question a submit &amp; AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy signed Order
-NOW! 7:30 AT @foxandfriends ON BE WILL I
#Trump2016https://t.co/AtuacgxOW1 tell. to want not did media the in many that truth A years. 14 after out come to continues truth The
fun. be Will venue! packed Another Hampshire. New in arrived Just
debates. all won I showed polls all almost record the For objective. and fair be would Post Washington the like paper a think would You
people? IQ low have Post Wash does Why me. about fairly writes never dummy real a Rubin Jennifer blogger Post Wash untalented Highly
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH pm 7:30 at 12/3 on signing book streaming live my for question a submit &amp; AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy signed a Order
https://t.co/YWINe9t8w3 thinking? Obama is What
https://t.co/g07VZmNmAW @realDonaldTrump. to apologies your send Please Curtis. job Good 9/13/2001. on commentary tv doing - Sliwa Curtis
https://t.co/b6DKEOk8Px apologies? Any WTC. of collapse after days 3 - 9/14/01 on Post NY the from sent just was I editorial the at Look
pop! of proud so is immigrant illegal an by killed viciously was who son His morning. this @foxandfriends on incredible was Shaw Jamiel
people! incredible of crowd a What reception. great and evening special the for Macon in friends my all thank to want I
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH 12/3 on event signing book streaming live my join &amp; Order gift. great a makes AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy signed A
https://t.co/NnyonhWcye #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! will we Together support. the of all for you Thank Georgia! Macon in night great A
https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH 12/3 signing book streaming live my for question submit to opportunity have &amp; AMERICA CRIPPLED of copy signed Order
speech! big for Georgia to off Now followed. conference news Wonderful amazing. was Tower Trump at Pastors American African with Meeting
https://t.co/TSuU2Xe7EM now! leader- great a need We
https://t.co/ADb1Tss9Jg strong. and careful vigilant be better We
up! heads Hillary beat Dems—I are concerned More #'s. poll high my w/ concerned is preservation self of out establishment Republican The
happy! not Jerseyans New NH? in time his of all spending is he when troubled deeply is which NJ of state the running Christie Chris is How
negatives! want only they - negativity one Only mention. a hardly fest love a Sarasota in 12000 me. after going really is MSM the Wow
also. bad Others clue! a have doesn't who Louis Errol like commentators political than rather talent political real some get @CNN will When
right! be will You are. they than dumber even look @BillKristol and Roberts Cokie kooky made You @ThisWeekABC. on @MariaTCardona job Great
movement! beautiful a there be will people great of thousands many - rally big a for Georgia to off it's pastors the with meeting my After
event. press a Not people! know-wonderful I Many Pastors. American African of group large a with Tower Trump at Monday on meeting be Will
case sad another Just credibility. all lost has she that long so for wrong so been have predictions Her @ABC. on Roberts Cookie watched Just
boring becoming is it that me against biased and one-sided totally crowd.So the with up keep to wants it if reporting better do to has .@CNN
about! talk to much So morning. Sunday on @chucktodd with interview an in @meetthepress on be will I
MOVEMENT! a is this happen to going It's country. our for love their chanting people 12000 amazing. was today rally Florida Sarasota The
words. nice your for Kayleigh you Thank often! more on her have should You today. network you on great was McEnany Kayleigh .@CNN
https://t.co/utmlCpGNGu air! the in love Great up! showed 12000 but record a 5000 expected We success. unbelievable an was Sarasota
https://t.co/x4RbbKXHCu #Trump2016 there. you See soon! landing be will &amp; earlier Sarasota for helicopter the boarded We
Sarasota in speech my at today discuss Will me. than disabilities with people American the helping in money more spent has no-one Virtually
him! know don't and like looks he what know don't I fun. having is story retracted never old year 14 his from pulled-back who reporter The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE mind: on goal one have I people! amazing with rally big a for today Florida Sarasota to going be will I
https://t.co/mILAGwjvS2 #Trump2016 pollsters.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 33 &amp; polls national Average223 GOP National Trend Pollster
today2! articles boring 3 Yesterday me. on jobs hit constant than rather reporting balanced and fair on focus should @nytimes failing The
ago! long made statement a back take to groveling person a showing was I like. looks he what or @nytimes the for reporter the know not do I
https://t.co/vmrsOnsMRo #Trump2016 support! your for you Thank numbers! poll new Great
https://t.co/T5JBFXOz3F
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We future. the to forward look and day great a Have all. to Thanksgiving Happy
institution-SAD! great once A fast. needed be will help big that revenue advertising especially dismal so are @nytimes the at numbers The
Incompetent! write. they what care people do why decade last the over decisions bad all made have @nytimes the at people the since So
dumb So away! it headquarters-gave old great Their $1.00. for it sold and billion $1.3 for Globe Boston the bought @nytimes the at dopes The
trouble! liabilities-big unfunded With control. over take to looking are members family other that managed and run poorly so is @nytimes The
Trump! Donald on hits constant with not and survival financial papers the and reporting good on focused be should @nytimes failing The
@WKRG via FBIhttps://t.co/UICDNcftJS Celebrations: Muslim 9-11 on Source Credible
https://t.co/r9ARuMdyMn #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/1SksZU9qlj IT! SAW WE HERE! 9/11 ON CELEBRATE DID MUSLIMS RIGHT: IS @realDonaldTrump &amp; JERSEY NEW IN LIVE I
https://t.co/SLo49cY9KB #Trump2016 support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain continued your for you Thank
Rove. dump should Fox loser! a - credibility all lost has he though even on him has @FoxNews @Morning_Joe. on bombed totally just @KarlRove
soon! back be Will night. last great so was Carolina South
dope! establishment An won. Romney thinks still He mistakes. many so made has he when analyst election an as @KarlRove use @greta would Why
https://t.co/JlY5sbumpY #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina South Beach Myrtle
energy! amazing crowd big - Carolina South in evening wonderful A
https://t.co/yopcngFzFv #Trump2016 America! you Thank released. poll national @OANN New
#Trump2016 #FNS Wallace. Chris with @FoxNewsSunday on words nice the for @Heritage @MikeNeedham words nice your for you Thank
out. turned that how see - Romney Mitt was victim Last Rubio? Marco back to agreeing for getting VanderSloot Frank is What
https://t.co/duJ7vXLGZw guy. talented and nice really A me. see to up came .@BradPaisley
interesting! be will Sean with always As @FoxNews. on PM 10 at @seanhannity doing be Will
about! talk to much crowd—so big Really Carolina. South Beach Myrtle to Heading
smart! get and tough Be elections. presidential winning start to want they if @KarlRove like losers on relying stop must Republicans
arena! the in spirit incredible evening Unbelievable expected! I even than crowd bigger far a --- people 14000 of rally Columbus left Just
about! talk to Much people! amazing of crowd big really - Ohio for Heading
#ObamaCare--dummy! loves debate Can't history--Kasich. in candidates presidential worst the of one of home Ohio to Going
deal! the wasn’t That me. against planned spending unfairly—big me treat to ready getting @GOP that reports .@WSJ
https://t.co/wrDEhXJlvR https://t.co/CpsMxs54qv right! am I that tweeted have people Many apology! an want I 9/18/01. @washingtonpost Via
#DumpMacys #BoycottMacys immigration. illegal of subject the to was @Macys disloyal how remember shopping Christmas your do you When
https://t.co/bkmWFZ9JI9 about- laugh to nothing is there Hillary
silent! longer no is majority silent The thousands. of rally tremendous a for today Ohio Columbus to Going
face. the in him hit it if truth the know wouldn’t @JeffHorwitz -- business the in reporters worst the of one has .@AP
working! relevancy—ain’t into back them bring to hit a for looking Always reporting. dishonest extremely do to continues .@AP
words. kind your appreciate greatly I &amp; family My @BarbaraJWalters. on especially recently comments nice the for you thank .@MatthewJDowd
at! best she's what is corruption - corruption on strong is She things. other many among immigration illegal on weak is Clinton Hillary
https://t.co/51CRR6m5Eg #Trump2016 you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank numbers! poll Great
jeopardy! in be will country wonderful our of safety and life the or now tough get and TERRORISTS ISLAMIC RADICAL with tough get better We
WALL! THE NEED WE it? made many How Border. Southern the through U.S. the into get to trying caught were refugees Syrian 13
you! Thank one. on one Clinton Hillary beating and over all numbers poll Great
show! on interviewed be will I @GStephanopoulos. with Week This on A.M. 9:00 at announced be to Poll @ABC new Big
show on be will I A.M. 9:00 at Week This on shown be will which Poll @ABC new the in BIG leading am I that announced just .@GStephanopoulos
A.M. 8:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be Will
@AP. than operation professional more far a is @Reuters that find I
garbage. fictional are Stories way. its lost totally has that organization an for reporters---working bad truly the of one is @AP .ccolvinj
you! of proud all are we - job great .@heytana
https://t.co/SuH1jfOQR4 #Trump2016 #LESM job!#LEO fabulous a for agencies enforcement law all to you Thank
https://t.co/FrOkqCzBoD #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Alabama! Birmingham afternoon great a for you Thank
crowd! huge a have they'll and there- be &amp; try I'll year Next dinner. Leader Family @bobvanderplaats to up showed people few so bad too It's
reporting. &amp; analysis wonderful for Nolte John you Thank
beat! to easy so they're true not it's Hope soon. very race the of out dropping are Graham Lindsey Senator &amp; Kasich Pataki - it has Rumor
https://t.co/IGUh57zOJz @BreitbartNews. you Thank media. polices properly media when nice So
me. fight to funds raise to trying now - wacko a - Walker Scott with working of days two after fired got who woman A
wild. be will - noon 12 people! incredible of crowd massive a and Alabama Birmingham to Heading
waste! a Such day. next the out dropped &amp; Hampshire New in register to $1000 spent Jindal Bobby act politicians how you show To
survive! will City York New but bad Too States. United the in mayor worst the with stuck We're
out! it Check America." "Crippled book new my liking really are People
https://t.co/vMeLS00GnJ #ABC2020 #MeetTheTrumps @BarbaraJWalters! with @ABC @ABC2020 on 10pmE at us Join
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/FlJutjpR35 #Trump2016 evening. this @FoxNews on @kimguilfoyle with #OnTheRecord joined I #ICYMI:
about! talk to things Many 10:00. at @ABC on tonight me) (and family my interview @BarbaraJWalters legendary the watching to forward Looking
https://t.co/exF5aUhrEW #ABC2020! @ABC hour full a for #MeetTheTrumps tonight. on@ABC2020 10pmE at @BarbaraJWalters legendary the into Tune
bet! good very a made has He confidence. found new his for Lane Charles thank Please @BretBaier .@washingtonpost
wishes. Best bet! wise very a you Thank .@Gracematters
tomorrow! Alabama to Going Carolina. South from back got Just
#POTUS! be to stamina or strength no - leader and manager a as incompetent totally &amp; immigration illegal on weak is .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/JHTF7f9aTo it! miss Don't . @ABC2020 on 10:00 at tonight me and family my interviews @BarbaraJWalters legendary The
me! on focused so be not &amp; ineptitude his with caused has he that problems the of all &amp; #NYC running on focus should .@BilldeBlasio
hard! blow a me called just @BilldeBlasio #NYC of history the in Mayor worst the probably &amp; U.S. the in Mayor worst the believe you Can
https://t.co/kWWMlmy7gQ #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tuesday! next you See Carolina! South afternoon great a for you Thank
America protect to list watch a including surveillance have &amp; terrorism Islamic defeat must We did. reporter database-a a suggest didn't I
https://t.co/28VsmV8xng strength- great gaining is ISIS President our Under
https://t.co/cm4fv1Ye9L 10pmE. - @ABC tonight @BarbaraJWalters legendary the by hour full a for interviewed being of honor the has family My
better! far point the made @TheJuanWilliams border. the at on going is what know to enough smart isn't contributor Fox a .@mkhammer
yesterday! amazing was Iowa crowd. SRO place great now Carolina South to Going
masterminds! NOT degenerates level low are These it. to drawn be to continue will youth or levels all at ISIS denigrate must media The
ISIS! into go not must people Young losers. and thugs instead them Call "MASTERMINDS." leaders ISIS calling stop immediately must media The
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Carolina! South tomorrow - Florida to now Heading people! Great Iowa! in afternoon wonderful A
https://t.co/092t2VrMEw #IAForums #Trump2016 forum! great a for College Community Area Moines Des you Thank Iowa! in evening great A
failure! total A lives. people's ruining and world the down bringing crashed it when Brothers Lehman of director managing was Kasich John
dud! total &amp; complete a was he realized people mouth his opened and president for running was he announced Kasich John Once
Shame! it. for suffering are Ohio of people the and ObamaCare on trap Obama’s President into right fell Kasich John
last. almost he’s - else everyone through go to has still he because me on ads negative do to Kasich help Doesn’t
last! dead in came easy—he was it but debates the in Kasich John beating loved I
smart! are NH from People down. gone have numbers his and Hampshire New in ads on million $6 spent already has Kasich
fun! for just him sue will I ads negative his in truthful not is he if --- squirm Kasich Watch
money. my waste to want don’t I that race the to irrelevant so is he but Kasich John on ads negative do to want I
Pathetic! polls. Ohio the in me to losing is Ohio of Governor being despite Kasich John
me. on ads negative not image failed his up building on money interest special his focus should Kasich John
me. against million $2.5 spend to going is polls the in down way him brought have skills debating &amp; campaign failed whose Kasich Governor
it! miss Don't ABC. on 10:00 at night Friday this special a on me and Trump Melania interviews Walters Barbara legendary The
https://t.co/sZDJr3Tkd8 https://t.co/D6QinyBLW6 #Trump2016 Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Worcester you Thank
https://t.co/iwqLODke50 it. use to able be to going is nobody high so are deductibles &amp; Rates worse. get to going is it &amp; beginning the Just
https://t.co/Ey50582uND #Trump2016 #RepealObamacare soaring! are Premiums you! told I
https://t.co/qni36GI6fV #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! can we Together support! your for you Thank
easy! not - brave Very job. fantastic a did Paris in POLICE The
bandwagon. the on all they’re Paris After wall. the &amp; immigration illegal with was I right how saying now is Everyone
WALL! BEAUTIFUL &amp; BIG A NEED WE so. you told I maybe? ISIS U.S. the into get to trying border southern the on caught just were Syrians Eight
https://t.co/PaJOAi3rGa Poll" Hampshire New in Lead Extends "Trump Politico: Via
https://t.co/SIxmYzPXv1 Mail Daily from article nice Very
https://t.co/178k1ERFqT Poll New Great
https://t.co/y9fqUUYRnD Times. York New of page front on story Similar big. really – problem this survive Carson Ben does How
https://t.co/G7o6b0cfZz #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Let's support! your of all for you Thank
https://t.co/28q3QgfIbM ABC.… on 10:00 at night Friday Special a on me and Trump Melania interviews Walters Barbara great The
about! talk to much much Much . @FoxNews on 10:00 at tonight @seanhannity by interviewed be will I
@WNTonight ISIS talk we Tonight Friday. this #abc2020 Watch @BarbaraJWalters. legendary the with interview had just I and Melania
irrelevant! now are they Sadly inaccurate. highly &amp; terrible is reporting their experience from say can I badly. very doing is .@AP
credible. longer no are and way their lost have They @AP. great formerly the to happened what is journalism in things saddest the of One
https://t.co/8p0A80kaaX doing? President our is What
https://t.co/TWslpJPQG0 Safe" Country Our Keep to Trump Donald Trust Voters "GOP
insane? president our Is ISIS. be could some - are they who knows Who country. great our into pouring now are Syria from Refugees
defeat to resigned is who man attitude-a horrible a has He Obama. President in confidence little so have else everyone almost with along I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE and big win will We special! really Hampshire New everywhere. leads big - Reuters like polls great many So
https://t.co/RNZ3hvbVvM #Trump2016 Tennessee! you Thank
person. terrific a is Sarah read! great a -- book new @SarahPalinUSA of copy a received Just
https://t.co/ePlQRgjMYw #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 you! Thank @UMassAmherst. of out numbers poll Great
https://t.co/5qr5deOlEl #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 people! amazing what crowd a what --- TN Knoxville leaving Just
matter. subject serious despite time great a have all Will expected! crowd Massive Tennessee! Knoxville in landing Just
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/TWslpJPQG0 #Trump2016 all. it says headline The agree! I
https://t.co/rUX57o2BzM #ISIS 10/3/2015. on back @FoxNews on @EricBolling with #SyrianRefugees Discussing
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to want we simple very all It's expected. crowd tremendous - shortly Tennessee Knoxville in landing be Will
strong! think &amp; big Think election. last the won Romney Mitt insists still who @KarlRove like dopes to listening stop must Republicans
impact! big a such have would there sold being not shirts &amp; ties my knew never I year. this 40% than more down are shares @Macys Wow
https://t.co/1esS0QV46V Root Allyn Wayne respected highly from article Interesting
oil. the attacking they're now scoffed Everyone ago. time long a wealth) of source (ISIS oil the attack said who one the was I Remember
quarterback! BEST the question without is he guy great a only not is He again. it did just Brady Tom
SO! YOU TOLD I been. have ISIS against strikes air Russian the important how Putin President told just Obama President
managers. good some hiring Try terrible! is service the think I company your running on focus John @TMobile .@JohnLegere
person! nice a not - beaten soundly Was night. last fight championship her lost @RondaRousey that see to Glad
loser! total a is He Magazine. @VanityFair at fail him watching am now and Magazine Spy close and fail Carter Graydon sloppy watched have I
allure! former it's of all almost lost has and years the over worse and worse gotten has It poorly. really doing is Magazine .@VanityFair
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE ever! than more now leadership brilliant and tough strong need We
soon! back be Will people. enthusiastic and wonderful of crowd tremendous A yesterday. Texas in time great a had I
https://t.co/ocoB9WlP7R #Trump2016 this! acknowledge should you @AndersonCooper years! for it Saying FIELDS! ISIS&amp;OIL on .@realDonaldTrump
solved! be not will problem the will he unless and it say can't He TERRORISM? ISLAMIC RADICAL words the issue Obama President will When
think! you what know me let and it get Go America. Crippled book successful very and new my like will everyone think I
51%. - youth American African for and 20%) over actually is (it 10% is rate unemployment real the that admitted just Sanders Bernie Wow
clown. a is O'Malley stage? that on doing Baltimore of Mayor former failed the is what but well doing not are Sanders and Hillary
time! about death much so and time this of all after now it Isn't Terrorism? Islamic term the use Obama President won't Why
https://t.co/hASWradHMe" #Trump2016 him! behind 17% is 2nd w/ pack the from away pulling is DonaldTrump Hampshire! New of out news Great
NOW! it need we and - leadership smarter much tougher much need We
CHANGE. bad! so just is He Paris. in attack horrible the before hours just interview an in shrink" to continues "ISIL said Obama President
all. you with be God May attacks. Paris horrible the in hostages and victims the with are prayers My
#Trump2016 himself! of ashamed be should he reporter a As biased. totally So me. on tough @ShepNewsTeam guy this is Boy
#Trump2016 said. I what doing and laughing not are they Now fields. oil controlled ISIS the bomb to said I when me at laughed They
#Trump2016 ago. long done been have Should fields. oil the bombing on vision my for credit me giving for @JakeTapper you Thank
https://t.co/IU6peXoVL2 better! been have not could Timing you! Thank night. last Fame of Hall Boxing NJ the into inducted be to honor Great
Sad. hope! salvage to order in me about statements false making is dead is campaign whose Carly .@seanhannity
campaign! failing her into life breathe to order in Carson Ben concerning statements factual my into herself inject to had .@CarlyFiorina
ratings! pieces—great Separate Room. Green in was I said Putin—never with ago weeks four @60Minutes on was I said only I .@CarlyFiorina
Apology? did. he it say didn’t I disease. pathological &amp; temper pathological a has he that book own his in said Carson Ben .@CarlyFiorina
apologize? you Will checker? fact your is Who well. very did and Wharton from graduate did Carly—I .@CarlyFiorina
in. cutting constantly was Kasich because chance” a him give talk Jeb “let to Kasich Gov. told also I you just not Carly .@CarlyFiorina
https://t.co/Br6AUzgGoi 13th the Friday Happy
https://t.co/mJzLcXjtpf #IACaucus #Trump2016 evening! this @ethanolbyPOET &amp; @IowaCentral support your of all appreciate I Iowa! you Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 you! thank - honor An ballot. the for signatures validated 16000 over with Virginia in candidate First
in!#Trump2016 Tune 7PM. at @ErinBurnett with @OutFrontCNN on be will I
#Trump2016 6PM. at tonight @BretBaier with on be will I
https://t.co/WsvZtwZbBf #BoycottMacys crashed! has stock Their immigration. illegal on stance strong my of bc me to disloyal very was Macy’s
https://t.co/wOjEXdEkNg dishonest! So wrong. was @WSJ the showing for @Forbes you Thank
place! first into jump a quite - Texas in 27% to 2% From
citizenship. to pathway a and amnesty likes he said just Immigration illegal on weak very is who Carson Ben candidate pres. Wow
https://t.co/CxLHA87hS1 dummy! action no talk all An problem. Establishment Republican the of part is @KarlRove fool Total
deal.https://t.co/t9JZGIUAYl TPP terrible the on statement my mischaracterized purposely and mistake a made Rove Karl dopey and .@WSJ
paper? the of edition same the in mistake same the make @KarlRove dummy let and me about editorial false a write @WSJ failing the does Why
100% lost and campaigns political on million $430 wasted moron This TPP. and China re me about falsely wrote who dope biased a is .@KarlRove
COUNTRY! A HAVE DON'T WE BORDERS HAVE DON'T WE IF don't. we or borders have either country a as We
poorly! doing is it wonder No wrong. totally so is which editorial an writing before clarification or comment for call @WSJ the wouldn't Why
deals. trade "smart" want I me. on Editorial incorrect totally their for me to apologize to going @WSJ the at dummies the are how and When
debate. to listen and watch not Why pub. another in story incorrect an from info got They often. so wrong so is Board Editorial @WSJ The
later. in way their get will but part not China apologize. and T.P.P. and China re statement debate my review should Board Editorial .@WSJ
door. back a through latter in come would but deal trade T.P.P. new the in not is China that know I again. WRONG is Editorial @WSJ Today's
7:30 at @FoxBusiness @MariaBartiromo on interviewed be will I
so." "so was I said @krauthammer debate. the won I said respondents of thousands with Time and Drudge including polls on-line seven All
PM. 8 at tonight @oreillyfactor by interviewed be Will
in! Tune tonight. 8PM at @marklevinshow on be will I
elegant.” and smart “really many told I debate. the of moderator as night last job Gerard—wonderful .@gerardtbaker
@FoxBusiness @CNN date. later a at door back the in come would China that but deal trade TPP bad the in was China that said never I
place! there--special friends many so made Have Hampshire. New of state great the from home returned Just
work. special your for you thank served have who those To Day. Veterans Happy
https://t.co/teauhiQd3i #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 show! great a -- @morningmika &amp; @Morning_Joe you Thank
job. outstanding an did moderators evening Amazing polls! on-line all and Drudge debate...won the doing Loved
more! and debate the about Talking A.M. 7:00 - Hampshire New from live @Morning_Joe on be Will
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 7am. at tomorrow Hampshire New from live @Morning_Joe on be will I
https://t.co/Bh7K8l0bIO See" Didn't You What Years--Plus 4 Nearly in Ratings Best Its SNL Gave He Right: Was Trump "Donald Magazine: People
https://t.co/DDK89IcmxX #Trump2016 Carolina! South you Thank
https://t.co/YUIBEP7JcZ #Trump2016 Jersey! New you Thank
present! Christmas or Thanksgiving Great well. really Doing Again. Great America Make to How AMERICA: CRIPPLED buy and out Go
about! talk to much is There A.M. 7:00 at @GMA on @GStephanopoulos by interviewed be will I
https://t.co/arJERjlYCO #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/TT29WgelUT gratifying! very - it enjoyed many So #SNL. of review nice really the for Rorke Robert @NYPost's to you Thank
#USA! for bad - choker lightweight A amnesty. easy of favor in &amp; immigration illegal on weak totally is Rubio Marco
choked! He water. chugging &amp; sweat pouring without Speech Union the of State Obama's President to properly respond even couldn't Rubio Marco
politician! overrated highly a - companies smaller my of one run to hire wouldn’t I who lightweight total a is Rubio Marco
https://t.co/mqOfuI08PX #Trump2016 support! the of all for you Thank Illinois. Springfield in evening great A
better! it done have could Nobody @DonaldJTrumpJr. @Greta on job Great
https://t.co/2mIMzNRMOc @piersmorgan appreciated. Greatly Piers. Thanks
https://t.co/mynTMrdTE9 interest. of conflict total Bush—a for works and persona TV no talent no has Navarro Ana listen. should .@CNN
https://t.co/2iK0mWpuJx else. one no like veterans the help will I comments. your appreciate Really much. so Thanks .@Betsy_McCaughey
years! 4 in ratings Best Live. Night Saturday @nbcsnl on performance my for reviews wonderful such me gave who those of all to you Thank
words Nice Cyrus. Miley &amp; Hillary with night opening their than higher 47% years. four in Live Night Saturday rated Highest .@EricShawnonFox
protesters! few Very 2011. since best the - great were they and out came just Live Night Saturday @nbcsnl for ratings Television
evening! long after This Dickerson. John by Nation The Face @CBSNews and @chucktodd by @meetthepress both on interviewed be will I 10:30 At
A.M. 10:00 at @ABC on @GStephanopoulos by interviewed be will I
Enjoy. A.M. 9:00 at Tapper Jake by interviewed be Will .@CNN
night! last fun much So - .@nbcsnl
A.M. 8:00 at @foxandfriends on be Will
Live! Night Saturday at evening Amazing
tuned! stay so skit "tweeting" a doing be will We place. the over all electricity - Studio Live Night Saturday the at am I
start! good a to Off show! great this of history the in get to hardest the are Live Night Saturday tonight's to tickets that saying are They
Enjoy authentic! be will it that is myself playing about thing great The tonight. store in things incredible some has Live Night Saturday
@CNN character! and guy great a like Seems television. on words nice his for brother your thank Please .@RobertGBeckel
Dope! #1. Trump rankings debate Fox check - facts Wrong @FoxNews. of Stirewalt Chris is television on pundits political dumbest the of One
reporting! good not but purpose on done Probably story. next his writing before polls the read to how learned @jmartNYT if nice be Would
wrong! always are predictions his and go to long have doesn't probably badly failing is magazine His case. sad a become has @BillKristol
https://t.co/AgYUvlCU1u Bill! for America Crippled of copy a Signing tonight. @oreillyfactor on be Will
downside! no environment the for good jobs of Thousands Pipeline. Keystone rejected Obama that sad So
Billy! love I family. fantastic his is which of least the not things wonderful many so done He's @BillyGraham. great the to Birthday Happy
https://t.co/asHECYFBRv commercial. @nbcsnl for ready Getting
thoughts. and ideas your to listening enjoy support--really and words nice the for much so you Thank .@AJDelgado13
@FoxBusiness guys. good &amp; solid Both debate. the in @MikeHuckabeeGOP &amp; @GovChristie include fair—to idea—and good a be would it think I
name! Wrong Bob. as exists longer no buckle!) belt his by saved was (Bob stab to tried he who "Bob" named friend his admits now Carson
it? get people don't - storage grain for built Pyramids and friend a stab hammer a with head on mother his hit to wanting Carson Ben With
Sad easily! #1 am I But lead." his solidify to trying "is Carson that states @nytimes the in Carson Ben on piece puff A reporting: bad Such
Sure. card! credit wrong the used he Said him. with worked who people two do So Rubio. on hard down comes Advocate Commission Ethics Florida
winner! determining in used not were polls best my of some though even tabulation poll @FoxNews the in FIRST finish easily to honor great A
friend! stabbing or hammer a with head the over mother hit to worse-trying even true if or fabrication total a either is story Carson The
https://t.co/O9Kgfi5xcH Shame! respect. w/ them treated but opinion my change didn’t I activists. Hispanic w/ meeting my about lied Rubio
running! considered merely ran Never twice." president for "ran I that said he when Bush Jeb corrected have should .@seanhannity
friend!" no guy "disloyal say and truthful be he can't Why speak. political Pure friend!" my "he's Rubio Marco about said just Bush Jeb
#CrippledAmerica. and ads new my campaign the discuss to on be will I 7:00am. at @TodayShow the to in tune Also
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Enjoy! tomorrow. 6:30am at @Morning_Joe on ads campaign first my unveil will I
#Trump2016 far! by issues economic on strongest the am I importantly as Almost 26%! with #1 out. came just poll @FoxNews Wow!
planned! morning exciting very a - Hampshire New in landed Just
up? am I when now it use to refuses but down was I when (I.B.D.) before used not poll a used @megynkelly that terrible it Isn't
https://t.co/f9ujgy3NSk #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain more! much and #CrippledAmerica book new my about talking 10pmE at tonight @SeanHannity on be will I
https://t.co/JW5f8OouyA President. be Cannot article. See intact. amnesty on order executive Obama’s Barack keep would Rubio Marco
fail. Rubio--next likes now He cratered. Bush Jeb and Walker Governor after puppet new a for looking is .@CharlesGKoch
it! miss Don't AMERICA. CRIPPLED book new my of copies signing be I'll noon. at #TrumpTowerNYC in 3rd Nov today me Join
America. Crippled today out book new my about Talking 7:50. at @foxandfriends and A.M. 7:00 at @GMA on interviewed be will I
it! miss Don’t AMERICA. CRIPPLED book new my of copies signing be I’ll #TrumpTowerNY. in 12pm at 3rd Nov. tomorrow me Join
https://t.co/qErQu7CeEH @bpolitics. on 5PM at airing @WollmanRink at @MarkHalperin &amp; @jheil with interview My
https://t.co/wEhqux6Ss8 up? I’m that now it use she’ll if down—wonder was I when did) else (nobody poll this used .@megynkelly
reporting! Dishonest negative. bit tiny a was that poll national ancient single the of instead polls new use you don’t Why .@CharlesMBlow
https://t.co/9M0C0vc2fv 12pm! at 11/3 on signed AMERICA CRIPPLED book new my of copy your get and @TrumpTowerNY at me Meet
@kilmeade job mess!Great Administration-a Veterans the out straighten to plan my of support you for Seal) Navy (former Higbie Carl you Thank
looking? good Marco @CNBC. crazy even poll on-line every won I people. desperate of minds the in debate the won only Marco .@Morning_Joe:
@BreitbartNews Bannon. Steve A.M. 7:30 at News National Sirius
U.S. the from imports any block to moved just have they history in kind any of deals best the of one making by off us ripped Iran that Now
@FoxNews 12. to 30 Hampshire New Leading Kurtz. Howie terrific with Buzz #Media on words true and nice the for @JoeTrippi you Thank
TRUMP. against run to want not does Hillary That clear: is thing one messages false out send to smart often is it politics in While
it! miss Don't AMERICA. CRIPPLED book my of copies signing be I'll NYC. in #TrumpTower in PM 12 at 3rd Nov. Tuesday me Join
delivered! properly if Marco for facts BAD debate. the in Marco with skirmish the lost have not could he competent more were Bush Jeb If
"lightweight". a as world the of killers to appearance the has and amnesty on strong immigration illegal on Weak win. not will Rubio Marco
mentor! his as Jeb to disloyal very and ambitious too is Marco other. each like not do Marco and Jeb that ago months speeches in you told I
politics! in use to one good a not is "fix" word the message Stupid crook! a as Jeb of thought never I it". fix can "Jeb - slogan new Jeb's
https://t.co/Tj85IsBPG8" THIS: READ Rubio Marco for vote cannot immigration illegal stopping and borders strong in believes that Anybody
win can't endorsement.Rubs Amnesty Mr. Singer's Paul is immigration illegal on weak is Rubio Marco member Eight of Gang that proof Further
money! &amp; time wasting just is He talented. more far been have would he thought I trail. campaign the on failed really has Kasich John Gov.
energy! &amp; time of Waste THANKS" "NO said I show. rated low and boring very his on be to me ask to call people his had Oliver John .@thehill
president for run to Apprentice The left I that Soloman Alisa writer your Tell business. in still is @FortuneMagazine that know people Few
question! Interesting them? in wasn't I if debates setting record but dumb really these watching be would people many how but complaints No
Henninger! Daniel to Explain (3rd). NBC except debate the won I said polls All words. nice very the for @WSJ the of Freeman James you Thank
https://t.co/UWyANGV8IR #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
him! suspended just Institute Liberty field. football the on pray to players young his with together right his and Kennedy Coach Support
https://t.co/rhdiCocPyv happy! very be will They Veterans! great our for plans other and healthcare my unveiled I where Virginia left Just
EST). (2:30pm Monday on @TheHerd show his do I'd thought I that debate the during me about things nice such said .@ColinCowherd
it! to forward Look them. on time big unleash will I or careful be better They me. about badly write to loves Journal Street Wall @WSJ The
ya' See Norfolk. in Wisconsin U.S.S. for now right off Lifting
better! far doing be would they legit were they If him. pay to money no and results Poor person. top it's lost just so-@politico you told I
soon! you See crowd. big really and rally big a for - Wisconsin U.S.S. battleship great the - Virginia Norfolk for leaving am I
"SIR"! as him address must Marco scams. total are which Superpac his to money big give to billionaire another landed just Rubio Marco see I
#1. me had poll other EVERY kidding!). (just recount a demand I - debate the in third was I said but place first in me has POLL NBC new The
etc. RUSSIA CHINA ISIS with need we what not is This lost. looked She event. Clinton Hillary disrupt totally protesters Matter Lives Black
weak! - clue a have doesn't Kasich John Gov. candidate failing and abolish to wants Carson Medicaid and Medicare save to going am I
Carson. Ben to referring was he Medicaid and Medicare dismantling about talked @oreillyfactor the on Kasich John candidate When
Class! children. my about words nice your for Thanks tonight. @FoxNews on job Great .@GovMikeHuckabee
@garyplayer...https://t.co/WuN4AV9IMT friend my to Birthday Happy
https://t.co/kFa5wxUXqE Possible!” News Best The Received Just Trump “Donald Insider: Political The Via
https://t.co/EhSFxH8N8U Florida in Polls Leads Trump Donald
self-funding. am I country! and system our on scam total a are They President. for running anyone by disavowed be should PACs Super
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain will We words. wonderful your for @rushlimbaugh you Thank
@IvankaTrump. daughter wonderful my to Birthday Happy
polls. state &amp; national all almost in leading am I that others many so and @andersoncooper and @CNN to explaining for @Morning_Joe you Thank
Again! Great America Make and win will I @seanhannity. on words nice the for @CharlesHurt you Thank
bombed! Harwood that agrees Everyone polls! the of all out Check @CNBC. on night last debate the doing Loved
reporters. untalented very Some around? be they will longer much How @politico. failing the about stuff bad really heard just Wow
week. last over 20% year. last Sunday same over increase ratings 40%+ a had @GStephanopoulos with @ThisWeekABC on interview My
https://t.co/VHyPDZFKPZ #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you!#Trump2016 Thank @OANN. via Post-Debate
https://t.co/7JBjeWt6XK you! Thank positive. so and -- Twitter on #1 was I
it! miss Don’t AMERICA. CRIPPLED book new my of copies signing be I’ll NYC. Tower Trump in 12pm at 3rd Nov. Tuesday me Join
U.S.A.! wonderful our for job GREAT a do will you - luck good and Congratulations .@SpeakerRyan
lobbyists! by controlled totally politicians your wants he words other in - SUPERPACS loves basketcase mental a @glennbeck host Failing
https://t.co/YHsCQpG63v #GOPDebate? the won Who @Slate: Via
https://t.co/wEdauo3Drm https://t.co/JEyniIGJPJ #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPDebate won Trump poll: CNBC
https://t.co/MEIiUqKeS9 you! Thank
Nevada. Reno in speaking be will I Today fun! of lot a was it - performance debate my on comments wonderful your for everybody to you Thank
debate! the on comments and words nice your of all for @JoeNBC and @morningmika you Thank
Losers! sites. political the of slanted most and dumbest the be to politics of world the in many by considered is @politico losing money The
https://t.co/lCdolIJMsL you! Thank #GOPDebate. 3rd the won who on Poll Drudge
https://t.co/rvnUQemej0 Poll. #GOPDebate @9News @NBC win to honor An Colorado! you Thank
https://t.co/eW0qDCax8P appreciated! Greatly Jonathan. you Thank
great! You're @PiersMorgan. Thanks
https://t.co/ZPiXAR5rFC https://t.co/3mFHLcSbwD you! Thank winner. official the declared #Trump2016 with closed poll #CNBCGOPDebate The
https://t.co/UB8XqapdzZ https://t.co/u6bJBPu30T MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPDebate you! Thank
Poll! @CNBC the won Even debate. the won I said all they everyone Thanks
https://t.co/tfaOARLoZb top"- on Carson put had survey fluke after points 14 whopping a by lead the in still "Trump @MailOnline Via
9.67.... RUBIO 19.78 CARSON 25.22 TRUMP TOTAL: POLL @CNBC
happy! be won't - numbers these digests media the until wait Wow released. just was respected highly most the of one Poll .@TheEconomist
https://t.co/aalSqnGHa3 32%! Economist. The via out came just that poll national new respected highly the report not will media the sure I'm
Sad! debate. the of start the to prior sometime corrected numbers polling fictitious their get will @CNBC that think anybody Does
scam! a is @politico Iowa. in crowd and night great my on reporting inaccurate purposely and poor Hunt's Kasie believe you can .@Morning_Joe
it! say can't just They margin). wide a (by Trump is statistic every on based one Number numbers. poll fictious report to continues .@CNBC
debate! unfair very a be will sure am I what to forward looking Colorado in now am I Iowa in auditorium packed and evening great a After
https://t.co/aCHH90cNRg #Trump2016 soon! you night---see Great Iowa! you Thank
https://t.co/QL6VhkZ8pm Fans: Super Trump's Donald of World the Inside Post: Washington the Via
https://t.co/xdZGkdtNev #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Carolina. North in poll wonderful out Just
(rally). event great - Iowa City Sioux for leaving am I
https://t.co/Mvcj1ZH3Ql #Trump2016 35.6% @realDonaldTrump @OANN via Poll Presidential GOP National
… https://t.co/8SJazkQ3I1 Rubio" and Carson Trump it's Debate GOP Third the into Going 35.6% to Increases Lead National "Trump's
https://t.co/3ipTylrLzz story. wonderful the for @SahilKapur you Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain nice! Very 36%! --- out just poll national Gravis New
in. was Biden that @Morning_Joe on week last said picks and statements dumb many so with credibility all lost has who @BillKristol Dopey
https://t.co/9NbOEguzU1 morning this from @TODAYshow the on appearance my Watch #TrumpTODAY
itself law the but law the of spirit the breaking only not They're PAC’s. Super their disavow immediately should candidates Presidential All
disgrace. a is doing are candidates other the What scam: PAC Super Re
self-funding. is &amp; PAC's all disavowed has who me like person a to unfair very is scam PAC Super whole This
Security. Social and it save to want I - Medicare abolish to wants Carson Ben
12! Carson 38 Trump Hampshire: New of Poll @CBSNews New A.M. 7:00 at live there @TODAYshow the doing be Will now. Hampshire New for Leaving
https://t.co/iJf87UVMEt #Trump2016 won't. media the because you show well as may I yesterday! crowd Jacksonville of shot aerial An
overrun! be will country Our it. stop to NOTHING do will They immigration. illegal on weak VERY are Rubio and Bush Carson that Remember
president! as done be can what Think truth. the know supporters my cares Who U.S. in Ford keeping for credit get will I think you Do
U.S. in stay and Mexico to go to deal their cancel to going is events packed at badgering constant my of because Motor Ford that is Word
@CNN you! Thank Poll. Post ABC-Washington from Also Poll. @CBSNews from numbers Great .@ByronYork
results? CBS out just or Post ABCWashington the of mention no and numbers poll Iowa old the up playing still is @FoxNews that believe you Do
27% CARSON 27% TRUMP Iowa 8% CRUZ 23% CARSON 40% TRUMP Carolina South 8% BUSH 12% CARSON 38% TRUMP Hampshire New WOW! - Poll .@CBSNews
report! won't media the me for good if which POLLS CBS new the also and now Nation The Face @CBSNews on interview my Watch
@CBSNews. on 10:30 at Nation The Face on today out comes poll Big
Nation. The Face watch A.M. 10:30 at then and A.M. 10:00 at @GStephanopoulos @ABC on interviewed Then @jaketapper. A.M. 9:00 at @CNN Watch
do. I what it's jobs of thousands of tens created have I nurse). a maybe (well life his in job a created never has Carson Ben
immigration. illegal on weak very is Ben @jaketapper. @CNN on A.M. 9:00 at myself and Carson Ben between differences the of some out spell I
it Doubt results? the report will press the if well do I if wonder I Nation. The Face @CBSNews on morning this announced be will POLL big A
GOVT. U.S. = money much too way paid being staff much too disarray total in is campaign His Bush. Jeb for time right the not just is This
Enjoy! @CNN. on A.M. 9:00 at Tapper Jake With Union the of State on interview down sit major a doing be will I
place? first the in much so pay he did why money of amounts ridiculous paid having after salaries and staff cutting is Bush Jeb While
finances? countries our manage he can how campaign his manage can't he If millions. making people salaries campaign slashing is .@JebBush
https://t.co/osBW3TM4UO passion! real had they and thousands had I forum. Scott's Tim Senator at crowd person 300 tiny a had .@JebBush
future. America's about talking enough not &amp; campaign his of staff bloated the managing time much too spends he -- lost totally is .@JebBush
#TrumpToday live! be will Questions people. amazing of crowd great a Expecting
#TrumpToday morning. Monday on 7am at Hampshire New from live @TodayShow the doing be will I
answers! good very hopefully and questions Tough 9:00. at morning Sunday on @CNN @JakeTapper with interview down sit a doing be Will
you! Thank people. fantastic crowd Incredible Florida. Jacksonville in speaking finished Just
https://t.co/C8AG3eGSus Miami. in @TrumpDoral at workers great my of some to goodbye Saying
great. was Miami there! you See now. Jacksonville for Leaving
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE noon! 12 - day incredible and be will - Jacksonville in forming already crowds Massive
Jacksonville! in noon at Tomorrow ballroom. the in excitement and Love Miami. in Doral National Trump at tonight amazing was Crowd
https://t.co/11hmnFEP1S appreciated! greatly @Cher--- of nice So
ripped-off get don't careful Be https://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp. at bought be only can etc.) apparel (hats merchandise campaign official Remember
apologizes. Retweet a did accidentally who intern young The
https://t.co/yYAMVXWc7t running! not for thanks Joe
https://t.co/o49V73AZZB Congratulations! '09. of Feb since ratings highest his had Sunday on me interviewed who #ChrisWallace
https://t.co/MDzpY89TRE Hill The via Top" on days 100 Nears "Trump
https://t.co/HDdWRBteNe Germany? to giving he What’s money? for looking Germany Berlin in is manager campaign Bush’s Jeb that believe u Can
bad. so is record her because Hillary against run rather would I Personally family. his &amp; him for decision correct made Biden Joe think I
https://t.co/wEj6IjyBDK Office) Post (Old D.C. Hotel International Trump at skylight the completed just who workers great The
https://t.co/Uc9Txu7O8g Awards Choice Reader’s prestigious Traveler’s Nast Conde in Canada in hotel #1 the voted just was .@TrumpToronto
one? this on spin negative a put media the will how Wow 7 BUSH 10 RUBIO 22 CARSON 32 TRUMP Post News/Washington ABC by poll New
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE numbers. poll new announcing be will @ABC A.M. 7:00 at America Morning Good @GMA on interviewed be will I
surging! are they say will Press 5 CRUZ 6 RUBIO 9 BUSH 16 CARSON 10) (up 28 TRUMP N.H. Poll Pierce Herald/Franklin Boston out: Just
A.M. 7:00 at .@GMA
words! nice the for you Thank tonight. @seanhannity on GREAT were you .@MonicaCrowley
well! do I hope I - out coming poll ABC new Big A.M. 7:00 at tomorrow America Morning Good @GMA on interviewed be will I
10:00. at .@seanhannity
More! great. all CNN and NBC Monmouth Globe Boston Consult. Morning - 41% at me had one polls the in ever day best my Had .@KarlRove
Enjoy! hope). (I interesting very it find will You 10:00. at tonight @seanhannity on interviewed be will I
comparison! by toy a is Bandon away. Dunes Bandon blow Ireland in Doonbeg open to soon the and Scotland in Turnberry and Aberdeen Both
https://t.co/gXXJ4YhKIW N.H." in percent 28 at poll Franklin-Pierce/Herald tops Trump "Donald
https://t.co/8FyxYEna0h https://t.co/xJaAWC9RgO https://t.co/Og4SN4eXbO leads! polls--big new great of Lots
#Hannity @FoxNews. PM 10 at tonight @seanhannity on be will I
https://t.co/rVOZHzrlEB #MakeAmericaGreatAgain to wants Clinton Bill
https://t.co/bMJcymz1Qp #Trump2016 Thanks! SC! in Center Civic Anderson the for record time all An count--7943. official Tonight's
https://t.co/JA1Fo5H6FP vision. and leadership real need We stopped. been have could possibly very attack the See
Licenses"https://t.co/a9s6mHsk07 Florida Got Hijackers Though Even 9/11 On Focuses Bush Jeb Trump Donald From Fire "Under @IBTimes: Via
http://t.co/eFgd00dZQO 11th September re reading Interesting
http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf 1930s--WOW! in FDR since highest Support Collar Blue Trump POLL: NEW
http://t.co/d2PlEBk3m2 Friday- last @FallonTonight on hat my wearing Willis Bruce
sharper &amp; tougher need soft-we too is again.Jeb happen doesn't it sure make to fighting am I event. catastrophic a defend to fighting is Jeb
warming! global of dose fat big a use could we Man normal. of ahead weeks freeze major a it calling are they outside cold really It's
show! her watch don't is "us" treat unfairly puppets her and @megynkelly way the like don't you if do can supporters my thing Best
P.M. 6:00 at @FoxNews on re-broadcast be will Wallace Chris With Sunday News Fox
true! So viewers. million 15.3 of rating Debate Democratic record-shattering a caused effect" halo Trump "the that CNN by reported Just
Lane! Charles named dope real a particular in Journal Street Wall the for work television on people dumbest the of some that amazing It's
Again! Great America Make minutes 15 for football the off Turn - @FoxNews on P.M. 2:00 at Wallace Chris by interviewed be will I
Chris! by made statement Big @FoxNews. on P.M. 2:00 at Wallace Chris With Sunday News Fox of Replay
fast! very changed be would Minds me. to delivered hand @pennjillette Penn that letter apologetic totally and sad the release should I
advice! angry his need don't I done. was He "47%". and "self-deportation" about remarks famous his and @MittRomney remember everyone Does
lost! been have never should that election an blew they after candidates of critical be not should manager campaign his and .@MittRomney
Obama! to loss "choke" terrible his on hard openly been have I because chances presidential my about negatively speak only can .@MittRomney
.@FoxNewsSunday
info? Bad destruction? mass of weapons no were there when Iraq attacking by East Middle the destabalize and attack brother your did why Jeb
fun. Have (kidding)! it on I'm because only that's but - television on show political best the has Wallace Chris morning This
hard! him hitting is Rubio Also them. fix to how and shortcomings own his on focus and brother his defend to trying stop should Bush Jeb
Enjoy! Wallace. Chris with interview good really but tough a is Fox on location) your on (depending A.M. 10:00 or 9:00A.M. at On
#Trump2016http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank Amazing!
Thanks numbers! big by and - NATIONAL and STATE every in poll every winning am I - Again Great America Make to want that those for news Good
good! but tough be Will location). on (depending A.M. 10:00 or A.M. 9:00 at Wallace Chris With Sunday News Fox on interviewed be will I
written!http://t.co/ZXFte8aqYf well ---really Post York New the in story great A
again!http://t.co/3hdsUtMHim us respect to started already has world the and Russia
http://t.co/FqIApU6gVC Mind-Blowing- is States Key 2 in Dominance Poll Trump's Donald Insider: Business Via
http://t.co/ioHAZOT8lK Say- Experts Performance Website in Bush Jeb Bests Trump Donald CNET: Via
pic! no – people 5000 was door next crowd My Hampshire. New in people 200 to waving @nytimes the of page front the on is .@HillaryClinton
https://t.co/ZVQiw6CpCO beyond. and SC NH IA in teams great have do we thing One commentary. honest very your for @thefix you Thank
representation! smart very and tough very your for you Thank @FoxNews. on tonight job fantastic a did you .@KatrinaPierson
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain provide! can you than spirit and energy more needs country our not or it like .@JebBush
down. came and attacked was Center Trade World the when term brother’s your during happened nothing saying for pathetic you’re @JebBush No
9/11. watch his during down came WTC the mention not did &amp; nice be to wanted I safe- us kept brother your said you debate the .@JebBushAt
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain packed! is place the --- Massachusetts In
https://t.co/lWpbffq5bp partner. golf and competitor great a is Brady Tom friend My crowd! huge another see to Boston to Heading
soon? very replaced or fired be to going is Carter Graydon "Sloppy" Magazine @VanityFair failing of head grubby the that it has Rumor
http://t.co/3EheiVyD5A poll-33%! new great A
http://t.co/O0snYivV0M @businessinsider from story Nice
ever! best are Polls Scottie. work great the up Keep .@scottienhughes
guy! special a is he but son my be may He morning. this @foxandfriends on FANTASTIC was .@EricTrump
watching! be will who people of millions the especially all for news Fantastic HOURS. TWO be will debate the that agreed just has .@CNBC
watch don't I stuff. bad say puppets two her had Kelly Megyn heard but - debates both won I said others and Slate Drudge Time poll Every
talent! rate third A comeback. a make to able been never has he that bad so was work whose speechwriter Bush failed a is .@marcthiessen
debates won I say polls All says. she what exactly do who Bushy) (a Threaten Marc &amp; Stirewalt Chris puppets dumb really two has Kelly Megyn
Enjoy! @sruhle. with tomorrow @bloombergtv on be Will
#DemDebate? boring very and just-aired the than longer much so is that debate a do to asked being @GOP the is Why
commercials. more sell to order in criteria) no (and time extra for asking by around @GOP the pushing is .@CNBC
party. the to benefit major a is there unless asking is @CNBC that terms debate ridiculous the to agree not should @GOP The
nice! Kevin--so Thanks #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump on thoughts his about asked was &amp; @K1047 @katek104 @woodmank104 joined .@KevinHart4real
http://t.co/YsqPfea6KE &amp; http://t.co/IdaYonGiL4 Trump! for Jersey New in day great A
http://t.co/XJfXeaORbU return.... tax my Signing
http://t.co/aNL95tOVrO interview. Great Ivanka. daughter my of proud very I'm
https://t.co/B0PfF9AdZf #makeamericagreatagain energy! and spirit much So tonight! Virginia Richmond in crowd Incredible
@FoxNews. on 11pm at on back be Will @OReillyFactor. did Just
http://t.co/E6do3oi10Z #’s great – Carolina South on out just Poll CNN
fair. but firm Tough night. last #DemDebate the hosting of job excellent an did .@andersoncooper
http://t.co/X2Kv6qzPia 4 Cruz 6 Bush 8 Fiorina 22 Carson 38 Trump Nevada—WOW! for out just results Poll CNN/ORC
him! for Good years. ten in gotten he’s than request song his on publicity more got Tyler Steven
place! its take to one better Have to. not me asked he song Tyler’s Steven use to right legal the have I though Even
there. you See crowd! Big today. Virginia Richmond to going be Will
me! to comes it when lucky so be won’t She team. “B” the against running is Hillary that proved night last debate The
https://t.co/UVhbC0JNxD fast! and leader- strong a need We
followers. most the far by up picked and tweeting live fun of lot a had but boring really was #DemDebate
soft! and gentle very were opponents Her it. through night—get last debate the in do to had she what did Hillary not or her Like
@RogerJStoneJr http://t.co/ZCoUAutdI8 one! tough really a Hillary—Wow on book latest The
now! watching are you what to compare and OAN out Check
#DemDebate VETERANS our about mentioned been has nothing but tuition college free and ObamaCare given be will immigrants illegal that Notice
question! answer not did Hillary wow! - matter lives black only said Sanders
tonight! stage the on STAR no is there Sorry
S. Bernie by move Good
etc. e-mails vote Iraq including making decision bad her defend is do to has Clinton thing hardest The
stage. the on be not should least) (at two rehearsed and scripted very are All
#DemDebate name)? last (just far so debate the winning is Who
chance. little very has Baltimore of Mayor former as O'Malley
way. No president? as Chafee imagine anyone Can
#DemDebate it! for always was she disaster a is deal trade The
#DemDebate commercials. these of all of rid Get
#DemDebate scared. or nervous too feeling not is Putin
Enjoy! bad. the and good the both it see I as it call and straight shoot will I tonight. something learn hopefully and fun have all will We
(unlikely) born be will star a maybe knows who but - time much so up taking be will at«1% guys three the bad too but interesting be Should
http://t.co/rfEE86Mbbp @nbcsnl 7th! November York- New from Live
http://t.co/D74EQyvR0P it! to forward look -- 7th Nov. on Live Night Saturday hosting be will I that announced just was It
http://t.co/OYnWVnfsge Need" We Lion The Trump "Exclusive--Davi:
NH? in yesterday speech my during “plant” a doing caught gets he if Iran + Russia China with deal to expect Bush Jeb can How
https://t.co/OmbuWUHA0m much. very you thank nice So
#DemDebate @realDonaldTrump tonight. debate boring very likely the during twitter doing my about talking Everybody's
http://t.co/6d8WiLa8fB Finds" Poll University Quinnipiac Primaries Connecticut In Drops Clinton As Tops Is "Trump honored: Very
CHINA? &amp; RUSSIA BEAT HE CAN HOW staffer! Jeb a was yesterday Labels No at fashion nasty a such in me questioned who woman young arrogant The
agree! I puppet. little perfect his into him mold can he feels he because Rubio to dollars big give to looking is Adelson Sheldon
D! (s) Democrat the rather Debate Democratic the not is it graphics on $'s of millions spending despite that @CNN inform should Someone
twitter! on live Debate Democrat the covering be will I hours two boring very a be to it expect I though even and many of request the At
Enjoy! tonight. 10PM at @foxnews on @SeanHannity by interviewed be Will
https://t.co/hFDFvwMY7Q you. Thank
http://t.co/U7JPpgszvn Politics RealClear Via
place! special truly a Hampshire New in time great a after soon Leaving
agree! I tonight. did Obama President than week last @60Minutes on better much did I saying is everyone Great
disasters! current the of all not thing important most the is CHANGE CLIMATE said He tonight. @60Minutes on terrible was Obama President
Enjoy! A.M. 11:00 at News) (Fox Buzz Media and A.M. 10:30 at today (CBS) Nation The Face on be will I
soon! back be will - together day great a had all We amazing! so was U.S. for love and crowds The Georgia. from back got Just
lie! Lives figure. pathetic and sad a is He me. about badly writes only Beast Daily and Newsweek on fortune a lost who Diller Barry Little
Georgia"http://t.co/iLcaMZxc82 in Crowds Overflow to South American the Storms Trump Donald Polls in High "Riding - Breitbart Via
Wallace. Chris w/ @FoxNewsSunday on go I that fair only it’s think I @ThisWeekABC &amp; @meetthepress weekend last ratings fantastic the With
Enjoy! EST. 10:30am at tomorrow @JDickerson with @FaceTheNation on interviewed be Will
insightful. very Howie job Great 5pm. and 11am at @Fox on tomorrow air will #MediaBuzz on @HowardKurtz with interview My
Nice! interview. Trump --- Sunday last numbers fantastic had @GStephanopoulos with .@ThisWeekABC
http://t.co/gkFoShg2xh #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain soon. back be will I you! of all with afternoon great a had I Georgia! you Thank
Congrats! years. 4 in show rated highest their was @MeetthePress on week last interview my that us informed just .@ChuckTodd
up! gives NEVER Trump Remember WIN! to going are we and poll every in big leading I'm
games! no - time this smart (very) and tough for go should Republicans The guy. nice very a but choice first my from far is Ryan Paul
people! great crowds Big Center. Trade Atlanta North at speech noon for morning tomorrow Atlanta for Heading
A.M. 11:00 at Sunday Fox on Kurtz Howie with Buzz" "Media on interviewed be Will
Sunday. on both -- #mediabuzz @HowardKurtz &amp; CBS on @FaceTheNation watch Also NH. of state great the on Poll Gravis Great
https://t.co/tOJ3ecOjNZ you. use could Mark--They
https://t.co/nH31afzjNz game! great a be should It Mexico! vs. Cup CONCACAF tomorrow’s in Team National Men’s US the to luck Good
http://t.co/mJcWOEijkv 13% Carson 32% Trump out: just NH in Poll Gravis New
http://t.co/ox6YyCV5s4 Vegas Las in speech Trump hear to gathers Crowd
https://t.co/VSsa4N3OL7 you. Thank
https://t.co/BjNeF2YFvq Thanks. True.
https://t.co/aZXLgvWeGm Thanks.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! there! you see to Hope http://t.co/Ty3VYUMphm. info: the tomorrow—here’s Georgia Atlanta to going be will I
pro! true a is @johndickerson CBS. on 10AM Sunday @FacetheNation on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/AZwPbSjj7T wishes. Best Larry. Thanks
https://t.co/ddfPtVYpXv Enjoy. luck! Good
yesterday! Vegas Las in crowd Great 7:20. at @Morning_Joe on interviewed be Will
scum! Pure fortune. a losing is outlets political dishonest most the of one @Politico that heard I when happy so was I
future! the in luck good and @RedState to Congratulations necessary. was change A ground. the into @RedState ran .@EWErickson
fast. fade Will factor. “it” no with dummy A tweets. past his read life--- low total a is .@EWErickson
http://t.co/LI75orkoqT Nevada! Vegas Las in event great A
https://t.co/t7hzDV9wEr them! love I and me love who Hispanics Many crowd! Unbelievable Vegas. Las leaving Just
https://t.co/bFSu7j5mCq you! Thank
https://t.co/FgcU1Ih3ew Thanks.
http://t.co/GArR1v5736 Breitbart - Puppet’? Class ‘Donor A Live: Goes Rubio ‘Amnesty’ Marco Exposing Website
http://t.co/7yP6iW2srp Guardian The Via real. for is campaign Trump's Donald winner': the be to is goal 'The
http://t.co/5htys6nqtR Politics Bloomberg via America" in Operative Political Dangerous Most the Is Man "This
else. anyone with happen to going not It's AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will I works! nothing - mess a such is (D.C.) Washington
job! important very this over take to person tough really and smart really a need We race. SPEAKER of out drops McCarthy Kevin Great
noon) (12 Island Treasure at crowd great another to Speaking town. in building beautiful tallest/most Vegas Las in Hotel Int'l Trump at I'm
them! Love crowd. overflow massive yesterday Iowa in had all we time a What
IT! have doesn't Just why. understand you'll tweets his read you If dog. a like fired was State Red of @EWErickson hear I news! great Wow
show. his do didn’t I irrelevant—glad become has he &amp; down way are ratings &amp; viewers his me Unlike trouble. big in is @glennbeck hear I
job! nut real show--a his do to refuse I because only me of badly speaks Boehner) than (worse crying be to seems always who @glennbeck Wacky
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE everywhere. big Leading today results poll Big tomorrow. speech house packed a for Vegas Las in arrived Just
soon! back be will Thanks people. great crowd Great today. amazing was Iowa
won! have Should Obama. by destroyed get to Romney helping in time all of decisions political dumbest the of some made .@stuartpstevens
---Wow! 39% weekend. past this Hampshire New in Fair Deerfield the at Poll Straw Booth Republican County Rockingham the won I out found Just
dishonest! so but power no has .@politico
reporting. dishonest totally their and @politico clowns the about something do doesn't somebody why wonder I
soon! you See together. numbers poll great today's celebrate Will Iowa! Waterloo in house packed a to Heading
zero! a but guy Arrogant money. your waste don't Romney Mitt to advice political horrible his as bad as is book Stevens' Stuart If
fair! Not victims. the criticizing not was and gunman a with confronted if do would he what to as terms general in speaking was Carson Ben
https://t.co/v3Y6exaQGY True!
http://t.co/iEh3RHp98S 6PM. at tonight @BretBaier with @SpecialReport on be will I
http://t.co/XrEpSyuDsj Examiner Washington via Trump" Endorsing to Thought Serious Giving Unions "Labor
frauds! no—total said dollars—I million my wanted they me—remember on Iowa in advertising up given has @club4growth Crooked
much. very you Thank nice. surprise--so pleasant a such Wayne .@WayneNewtonMrLV
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE together will we forget ever Don't
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - important so so So
instincts! political terrible victoryhas easy an been have should what in tubes the down Romney led Stevenswho Stuart strategist Political
Carolina. South of people great the affecting floods the in those for prayers and Thoughts
deal. terrible a is TPP comprehension. beyond is administration current our of incompetence The
before! ever than greater maybe AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE and win to going are we U.S.A. the for and supporters fantastic my of all For
win! to going I'm troublemakers just are They out? get ever you would asking keeps press the but poll every in margins big by leading I'm
A.M. 10:30 at @meetthepress on @chucktodd by interviewed be Will
A.M. 10:00 at @ABC on @GStephanopoulos by interviewed be Will
you! Thank amazing. were yesterday Tennessee of people The
Enjoy! ET. 10am at @GStephanopoulos with @ThisWeekABC on me see to in Tune
Enjoy! @NBC. on ET 10:30am at morning tomorrow @ChuckTodd with @MeetThePress on be will I
http://t.co/CS8DOd8wfm soon! back -- Nashville Love people! of crowd fabulous a with time great a Had Tennessee. Nashville leaving Just
hate! is word - don't other.They each "love" they said Both him. against run to decided he when mentor his Bush to disloyal very was Rubio
me.Great against standing man "establishment" last the be to order in would they knew I as other each attacking finally are Rubio and Bush
people! help to wanting always - smart and heart great her like will You Melania. about said you things nice the for @megynkelly you Thank
http://t.co/lvx5SEhQVv York. New upstate in @MontesKitchen hanging family and father amazing mother beautiful my of Pictures
food! Great (Amenia.) York New County Dutchess in @MontesKitchen of success the on Marie Ann &amp; Robert brother my to Congratulations
there! you see - about talk to much So P.M. 2:30 at (Saturday) tomorrow Tennessee Nashville in be Will
soon! back storm with luck Good amazing. was tickets for demand The today. Virginia Beach Virginia in being to forward looking so was I
shootings. Oregon Roseburg horrible the of families the to condolences warmest My
about! talk to bad mostly things Many 10:00. at tonight @seanhannity on interviewed be will I
choked! won—he Should've Obama. to loss his w/ down Party Repub the let he that saying I'm because me at back hit to trying is .@MittRomney
https://t.co/OJ0mbxv1uc Thanks.
soon! back be Will people! great crowd Great Hampshire. New from back got Just
http://t.co/KmPeSwvslr Bell Jeff by Approve?" Would Reagan Proposal A Plan: Tax "Trump’s
10PM. at @CNN on tonight @donlemon by interviewed be will I
http://t.co/iB6NGQsg5v debate. GOP the won who on polls Interesting
http://t.co/dZuLHDZSoI Root. Allyn Wayne you Thank nice! so Wow
https://t.co/11pDloDTHV Enjoy! Poll. University Today/Suffolk USA respected highly out--the Just news! Great
controlled!http://t.co/KA0LvfFJfM totally is &amp; cents ten made Never him. for vote never would Rubio Marco of profile this reading Anyone
http://t.co/VT8Y7c8PSn Larry. you plan—thank tax my of fan big a is @Larry_Kudlow economist respected Highly
Lazy! Senate. in record voting worst the with senator lightweight A interests. special and lobbyists the by owned totally is Rubio
packed! be will place the - Hampshire New in be will I Tonight crowds. enthusiastic) most add I (and largest the has "Trump" that read Just
Pathetic! immigration. illegal on position WEAK his defend action no and talk all is who Rubio Marco Senator lightweight watched I
https://t.co/Je440dDZbs Great!
problems." country’s the about out speaks that candidate only the he’s time in moment this at think "I me: about this said Icahn Carl
http://t.co/PJN89SwvTF America: hurt inversions corp how on particularly insightful Very Ahead’. ‘Danger ‘s @Carl_C_Icahn watch Definitely
them. for job better much a do will I me. to over come supporters 1%--his at is race—he the of out gets Paul Rand when hope I
1%! soon. announce will he him-- about statements my by race the of out driven been has Paul Rand Prediction:
deal! last with go let been have Should U.S. the by held prisoners 19 for 4) (not prisoners 3 our trade to wants Iran - this believe you Do
nice! very year--- a in biggest their were night last @60Minutes for ratings the Wow
http://t.co/MmFJeGRNf8 Root. Allyn Wayne by Energy" and Trump Donald Scorecard: Debate GOP "The
http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ Debate GOP After Lead Widens Trump Poll: Zogby
debt!http://t.co/kDOyCqwuqI State Florida doubled Bush Jeb Conservative?
topics. other various and reductions tax re: pm 7 at tonight @ErinBurnett with @OutFrontCNN doing be Will
https://t.co/FbNl1G5Awg http://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp Thanks.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/FxtUQNXEFH plan- tax my reading enjoy will you know I
https://t.co/DQQS5d9R3O Conference#Trump2016 Press Plan Tax #Periscope: on LIVE
@TrumpTowerNY. at 11AM at taxes on conference press to forward Looking
fairly! me treat will they believe do I night. tomorrow @60Minutes enjoy all we Hope
crashed. numbers poll when changed Only immigration. illegal stopping on weak very or Eight Of Gang the of member a is Rubio Marco
deals! trade great making of incapable be would and finance about nothing knows immigration on weak VERY is Rubio Marco Senator Lightweight
https://t.co/FGxhzluIJA at… lead digit double a maintained I reveals weekend) the thru polls all (with tracker POLL updated An
night! a What people! and crowd amazing most the Oklahoma--- left Just
https://t.co/gpJBNXKV3e @FrankLuntz you Thank
it. enjoy you hope honor-- great A Sunday. this @60minutes @cbs on be will I
http://t.co/uNdO1kRfus Most?" Benefiting Who's Bump: Ratings Trump Donald "The .@THR
http://t.co/flB93n4FoK thing' good a 'It's resignation: Boehner on Trump .@TheHill-
@marcorubio bill! a on vote to there rarely Senate- in record attendance worst .....Has
country..... the into anyone allow will and immigration illegal on weak is .@MarcoRubio
haters. Serious matter. Consult Morning &amp; Zogby CNN NBC Fox including polls the of none that say to called just @politico Dishonest
http://t.co/8Rs1fbcAIz Office- Post Old the At
Fair! State Oklahoma the to off Soon hotel. great a be will - Avenue Pennsylvania on Office Post Old the inspecting now am I
tonight! Oklahoma in be Will budget! under and schedule of .....Ahead
Office... Post Old the at job my on checking Now Summit. Voter Values the At D.C. in reception Great
1st. in came I said etc. Slate Drudge Time others All debate. the in second in came I plainly very said poll @FoxNews the .@megynkelly
Sen. in record voting Worst clue! a have doesn't Truly politician. action no talk all another Just television. on @marcorubio watched Just
http://t.co/Cr0OOd5Loi poll! last my since increase an Hampshire--- New in lead nice really a Wow
dishonest! really is money of lots losing is hear I which outlet news @politico failing The
something. saying is that and outlets--- media the of dishonest most the be may many by respected or read not is which .@politico
https://t.co/9Emtq4NdbZ forward… surge crowd massive acknowledge to refused Martin Jonathan reporter @nytimes Dishonest
https://t.co/kWqWeRzIkl field GOP leads Trump Bloomberg:
supporters! amazing my to you Thank clearly. and loudly speaking are people the efforts best media’s the and establishment the Despite
http://t.co/Eu0rMDbUPW Big Leads Trump Poll: Bloomberg New
Congratulations! spring. this baby a having be will she that announcement @IvankaTrump’s daughter my about happy So
A.M. 6:30 at @Morning_Joe on be Will
A.M. 7:00 at @CNN on be Will
of! Unheard TV. on language foul such use to @RichLowry pundit clueless allowing for apology an me owes .@FoxNews
him! fine should FCC the and TV on allowed be not should He @FoxNews. on tonight it lost @RichLowry Incompetent
@colbertlateshow http://t.co/5rq2iMpHx6 @StephenAtHome to congratulations and viewers the of all to you Thank night. great a What Wow!
future. foreseeable the for shows Fox more any doing be won't I that decided therefore have I &amp; unfairly very me treating been has .@FoxNews
https://t.co/bC9pIOnmEh missed. be will Yogi guy. great a was he player baseball great a only not was Berra Yogi
11.3% Bush 19.2% Rubio 31.5% Trump both! them destroys Trump because Unfair -- poll" Florida in Bush passes Rubio reads" Headline
champion! a what captain a win--what great your on Congratulations .@JuliInkster
http://t.co/VDzpYct3Aq Enjoy! CBS. on 11:30 at @colbertlateshow doing be will I
about! talk to plenty is certainly There Sunday. this @60Minutes of opener season the on guest featured the be will I
in! all was She 2008. in Clinton Hillary by started was movement birther the remember Just
vacation. "unscheduled" day eleven another take should @megynkelly think I
overrated! highly is She sexist. totally is it back hit I when but me after goes constantly @megynkelly lightweight that notice ever you Do
VISION Iraq. into go don't said I security-but national on me hit just Senate in record voting worst has who Rubio "amnesty" Marco Senator
http://t.co/BnCG1XqvcW 11:30 at tonight @colbertlateshow the on be will I
#YomKippur world. the around and Israel in friends my of all to blessings Kippur Yom
http://t.co/61LFN0pfSw Leads" "Trump poll: Consult Morning
debate after Taken 5. CRUZ 5 RUBIO 6 FIORINA 11 BUSH 12 CARSON 32 TRUMP released. just was Poll Consult Morning Primary Republican 2016
clue! a have doesn't he - heads talking the of dumbest the of one truly is .@RichLowry
@FoxNews. watching time hard really a having am I
Boring! haters. Trump old same the of instead change a for show your on heads talking knowledgeable some have you don't why .@oreillyfactor
me! for good not @FoxNews NBC. including today out came that polls great the post to to refusing in me to negative very was .@oreillyfactor
http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp #1 Pollster HuffPost Via
#OnTheRecord @greta by ET 7pm at tonight interviewed be will I
future. great a has and person nice very a well—he’s @ScottWalker know to got I
https://t.co/DAEomTNoMq wishes. Best agree! Dan--I you Thank
http://t.co/hJHO1Rk06y @TwitterNYC #AskTrump
http://t.co/RfWQdDPB33 #AskTrump @TwitterNYC at time great a had I
http://t.co/zpbcRHfxy6 #AskTrump questions! your all for Thanks @TwitterNYC. Q&amp;A a up wrapped just I
http://t.co/zElKKmMjTU #asktrump .@_Just_Mads_
http://t.co/ufCLFKeFrN #asktrump .@MarieLeff
http://t.co/P8CwErG0lt #asktrump .@joycefinance
http://t.co/I7AaH7AVRw #asktrump .@Modern_Do_Good
http://t.co/x2j6yiaBzU #asktrump .@ARealSuperMan
http://t.co/qVakUzXZAb #asktrump .@HighSock_Sunday
http://t.co/gjudtw87K7 #asktrump .@KyleStephens30
http://t.co/KV1NPNYJTC #asktrump .@EliseChristine
http://t.co/6uShpC3BM2 #asktrump .@MarketMavensInc
http://t.co/dbK8jckT5s #asktrump .@dixierhilton
http://t.co/MiSqyasjhu questions. your answer to ready Getting #AskTrump
http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ it! doubt I out? put just was that poll Zogby new the up picked media the Has
https://t.co/MoqjlnwryJ years- forty for confused been has Jeb
http://t.co/n7lO0llhK8 needs! country our thing last business--the at terrible is Fiorina Carly
afternoon. this later @TwitterNYC from live answer to questions your me Send #AskTrump
http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ lead! bigger even an me gives it because it report won’t media the but respected— highly poll— Zogby New
smaller. is lead my where numbers @CNN used instead but lead massive a have I where numbers poll in just their use to refused @TODAYshow The
Enjoy! now. @foxandfriends on be Will
Pres. offer! job CEO another got never she that companies both destroying virtually HP and Lucent at job horrible a such did Fiorina Carly
before! ever than better maybe AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE and WIN to going are We
sad! So dishonest. totally is media the of Much far. by also numbers poll best the and far by crowds biggest the attracting am I
11%. has Fiorina 29%. at next double than more is poll NBC The @CNN. and @nbc today more two with polls all in big leading been have I
California! in Senate for her killed Boxer Dems. the against win or Nominee Republican the become can Fiorina Carly that way no is There
knows? well-who do should I results debate the on Based numbers. poll new their releasing be will @nbc 10:30. at @meetthepress on be will I
http://t.co/PeEEHTVtC8 today! Iowa in time great a had I @UrbandaleSchool. &amp; Forum Freedom and Faith you Thank
https://t.co/vfCRhwTkTU Iowa! in night great A
http://t.co/O5v9oX3pyd #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ya! See hours. two in Moines Des in landing be Will Iowa. to way my On
great be will I horrible been has Obama stake! at is liberty religious their world) the around (and country our in support need Christians
situation! win no A speech. free of right man's that with interfering of me accused have would media the man the challenged have would I If
chance! No rescue? my to come would he think really you do president the to me about statement controversial or nasty a made someone If
something. saying NOT by controversy caused have I that life my in time first the is This
so! think don't I him? about controversial or bad something says somebody time every president the defend to obligated morally I Am
http://t.co/Urj3Tic2e3 tomorrow- School High Urbandale of students the meeting to forward Looking
https://t.co/ssFXVGWTIP Amendment. Second The on papers position my released just I’ve
https://t.co/G4CLmowE4U you. Thank
Trump J. Donald -- DREAM! ITS BACK AMERICA GIVE
http://t.co/B3yJk2lJ8I Breitbart via Lead" Increases "Trump poll: post-debate great Wow
guy! talented and wonderful A @NYDailyNews. the left Lupica Mike columnist if bad really be Would
Enjoy! PM. 10 at @FoxNews on @seanhannity by tonight interviewed be Will
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! crowds! Big while. little a in Hampshire New to Going
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! landslide. a in winning me had Magazine Time to Newsmax to Drudge from night last debate on done poll Every
note? you thank a &amp; flowers me send they Will ever. rated highest its was debate night’s last @CNN of history the in that announced Just
http://t.co/0r8fc2zzvY #CNNDebate
http://t.co/X4m9WfewX2 #CNNDebate
http://t.co/tj3Cnqp3PU fun! much so --- amazing was #CNNDebate The
http://t.co/fokcASBVuN poll- @drudge_report the Winning #CNNDebate
supportive! so been have that champions many the of all and Knight Bobby Coach Ditka Coach Brady Tom to you Thank
https://t.co/syJH9OT0zX win! to how knows that somebody from honor great A
stage! on people many too long Too hours? 3 almost for it "milking" is @CNN believe you Can soon. debate the to over heading be Will
profits! the of percentage big a get I because also and guy nice a is he because Apprentice the with well does S. Arnold hope I
you! thank honor great a Such me. endorsed AMERICA STRONG A FOR VETERANS Iowa. U.S.S. the on event wonderful the finished Just
fantastic--thanks! truly are You you. to listening &amp; creator) job (big property inspecting LA in am I Rush .@rushlimbaugh
millions. down turning I’m me. against spent being $ interest special &amp; lobbyist all despite everywhere good—#1 looking really are polls The
@mcuban. you Thank arena! &amp; crowd Spectacular night. last Dallas in had we event incredible the about talking is Everyone
class. middle for league big lower I’ll taxes. raise will I that advertising falsely Now no. said I million. $1 for me asked .@club4growth
lie. another taxes—just raise will I says @club4growth Phony them. raise not country our for taxes lower will plan My
ads! on money interest special and lobbyist spending are they Now "NO". said I - $1000000 for me asked Growth For Club respected Little
friends! other and VETERANS great our to speak to P.M. 5:30 at IOWA U.S.S. the to going be Will L.A. in now Am
military! the &amp; vets for plan my hear to Waterfront LA at @USSIOWA on @V4SA &amp; me Join Enough! citizens. class 3rd like treated are vets Our
back! be Will night. last crowd tremendous the and Dallas Loved
http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh Info: today. me Join again! US the respect world the make and vets of care take military the rebuild will I
tomorrow! day Big L.A. in arrived Just crowd. wonderful and Big well. really went Dallas in Speech
https://t.co/9HNgVyBJEz Dallas! in crowd Unbelievable
http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh us! Join #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! to 9/15 Tuesday this @V4SA with I’m security? border NO mistreated Vets
http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh gone they're before tickets your Get huge. be to out turning is 9/15 on L.A in @V4SA and me with event The
http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh us! Join Presidents! of Battleship The - @USSIowa the aboard L.A. in 9/15 Tuesday @V4SA joining to forward Looking
drain! the down Money fail! will They damage. do to trying donors--are and bosses--lobbyists big opponents My
https://t.co/hzlkPLebET fun. be will Mark Thanks
Love! so. doing from me prohibits run) (presidential time equal longer—but any Apprentice The do couldn’t I sorry fans my all To
charity. for $ of lots raise will &amp; great be He'll Apprentice. Celebrity season’s next doing is who @Schwarzenegger friend my to Congrats
https://t.co/0wKLnSIss6 you. thank honor My
stage? debate the on allowed polls the in ZERO registers and N.Y. of Governor as job terrible a did who Pataki George like someone is Why
https://t.co/octCvAYQOO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain will we day--- fantastic A Iowa. Boone in crowd record a Had
people. Unbelievable Stadium! Trice Jack at Iowa in time great a having am I
participate. to allowed be shouldn't @RealClearNews in 2% with 11th at @RandPaul debate. for stage on people many Too
gene. right the get didn't @RandPaul son his but Paul Ron of appeal the understood truly I
him. by embarrassed is which state great a Kentucky--- in elected get to trying on focus should @RandPaul Senator Lightweight
#HUGE!http://t.co/mRHdW7dOws is that @JimmyFallon Months. 18 in Rating Friday Highest to @FallonTonight Sends Trump Donald
http://t.co/XLELUQfxof Times. York New The - Accessory Summer Ironic an Becomes Hat Campaign Trump’s
appreciated! greatly and job fantastic -- television on words kind your for much so you thank .@mercedesschlapp
Enjoy! 8:00. at @foxandfriends on be Will
https://t.co/tOriFU4vr0 @fallontonight fun! great skit- opening before @jimmyfallon with Backstage
ENJOY! P.M. 11:30 - amazing be will @nbc Show Tonight The
http://t.co/4dxoEV0wia 11:30. at tonight in Tune @FallonTonight. outside crowd Amazing
future! great a have will he know I well- him wish I and guy terrific a is .@GovernorPerry
Enjoy! PM. 11:30 at @jimmyfallon with @FallonTonight On
http://t.co/mc5bPDt6s8 Rally" Dallas Trump's for Left Tickets "No Hill The Via
you. for respect great -- evangelicals the for love great Have @FoxNews. on night last words kind your appreciate greatly I .@robertjeffress
tuned! stay -- 100% own Now them. against lawsuits all settled and Organization Universe Miss The of half NBC’s purchased Just
again! happen let cannot we that day tragic very a from heroes the of all remember to moment a take all Let’s
original! So hair. my mocked just polls the in percent 1 than less at registered is who @BobbyJindal Governor lightweight wow Oh
Iowa. in friends my of all seeing to forward look Really Ames. and Boone to going be will I night tomorrow Also
Iowa. in #1 am out—I came just poll Quinnipiac new news—the good Very
@jimmyfallon fun! be Should 11:30. at tonight Fallon Jimmy with Show Tonight The on be will I
right. proven been I’ve and chance a had he thought never I polls. the in 1% than more register that people to respond only I ....
him…. met never have I therefore and stage debate the make not did Jindal Bobby
PM 7 at tonight RECORD THE ON @greta on be I'll
me at swipe a took just Carson Ben and group other every virtually and this) of proud so (am Evangelicals with field the of ahead am I Wow
enthusiasm! and crowd Amazing deal. Nuke Iran horrible the one unpleasant an was subject the though even D.C. in day great a had I
nice! not but true Probably . @colbertlateshow on night last bus the under brother his throw JEB did Man
http://t.co/hSTaPf0QqO here- live watch shortly- rally #StopIranDeal the at speaking be will I
http://t.co/HKUYv9tFRm Zucker- Jeff President @CNN to letter A
sad! Really Iran. with deal negotiated horribly the protest to Capitol the at P.M. 1:00 at tomorrow D.C. in you See
http://t.co/vdLxPLPj7i deal" nuclear Iran the with hour "Amateur @USATODAY- Via
Enjoy! PM. 8 at tonight @oreillyfactor O'Reilly Bill on be Will
http://t.co/p7d6RJeMTZ (31%). numbers Hispanic &amp; (25%) American African setting Record these. like numbers polling receive to honor great A
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to how about interview lively another be will It PM. 8 at tonight @oreillyfactor Bill on I'm
Brothers—wow! Lehman for work to went he left he after Right collapse. total almost its to lead helped Florida in policies Jeb’s
false! very is but little" a "just me hits which Jeb for ad an out put just have interests special &amp; lobbyists The
them. believe Don’t ads—desperate! big do to starting are others &amp; Jeb for interests special &amp; lobbyists but campaign my funding self I’m
https://t.co/h51DpgM9JK supporters! Jeb up Wake
beat! to easy is @KarlRove but @FoxNews on night last words wonderful &amp; strength your for @IngrahamAngle you Thank
http://t.co/TpV3w18BW6 Robert. you Thank President. for running my on Redford Robert from words nice Such Wow!
Iran. with deal this do would we that believable even Not Capitol. the of Lawn Front West PM 1 DC: in Tomorrow
Iran. with making are we deal nuclear stupid truly the against protest our for expected crowd tomorrow—big DC in being to forward Look
deal! nuke Iran insane protest to Capitol) the at P.M. (1:00 Wednesday on D.C. in rally big our at @SenTedCruz with being to forward Looking
speech! big is Dallas and deal Iran incompetent of protest is D.C. events. big really be to out turning are DALLAS and D.C. Washington Both
Center Air American P.M. 6:00 at Sept.14 on Dallas Then o'clock. 1:00 at Wednesday on Building Capitol the at D.C. in you see I'll Remember
together! WIN all will We time. big Party Tea and Evangelicals the with am I @FoxNews. on words powerful your for @scottienhughes you Thank
operation? scam A me. against out came they no said I When $1000000. for asking me sent they letter the release should .@club4growth
Iran. with made being deal incompetent and horrible the protest to Capitol the of front P.M.in Wednesday1 on D.C. Washington in be will I
FAST! going are Tickets success. giant a be will it like looks Center Airlines American the at P.M. 6:00 at 14 September on event Dallas The
clue! a has which of neither Barack or Hillary like someone not vision and skills leadership great with president a needs country Our
hypocrites! Total me. on ads negative do to wanting now is no) said (I $1000000 for writing in me asked which Growth For Club phony The
http://t.co/wmfHKnNSWm" Dem: any defeat would Trump Donald poll @surveyusa this to according today held were election presidential the If
class! middle the for taxes reduce must We nothing. practically paying are They ASAP. taxes higher pay to have (gals) guys fund hedge The
U.S.! the of people the for working only am I lobbyists. or interests special donors my by controlled not am I campaign my self-funding By
CONTROLLED money.100% lobbyist and interest special spending are rest the and Jeb Hillary campaign. my self-funding am I that Remember
speeches! read can't Just truth. no emotion no was there teleprompter...but her off directly read me about things nasty such said Hillary
black was it glass through see even wasn't it fact In seen. ever have I teleprompter biggest the using today speech a made Clinton Hillary
endorse? to them give we did What happened? What it. embraced they today Then deal. nuclear Iran the against "vehemently" was Arabia Saudi
CHARITY? increase.PAY 4000% a $200000 to $5000 from going are @CNN on debate for rates advertising "Trump" of because that announced Just
guy! "gotcha" rate 3rd a just is He @CNN. on debate next the doing be Hewitt Hugh like host show talk radio ratings low very a would Why
questions "gotcha" typical - more and Nasrallah Hassan al-Baghdad Bake Abu Suleiman about me asked Hewitt Hugh host radio ratings low Very
late! too is it before fast tickets your Get fast. up filling is Center Airlines American the at weeks two in event Dallas The
better! much so do can @FoxNews T.V. on it make never will she obnoxious and Angry yesterday. @TheFive on terrible was .@MeghanMcCain
… http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx PM." 6 at 14th Sept on Center Airlines American the at Dallas in be "I’ll tweet: previous my to response Terrific
https://t.co/F42OC3yFa9 Laura. you thank nice So
http://t.co/LzG5M8SmYC Poll Alabama in Percent 40 With Flirts Field Surpasses Trump Caller: Daily
http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx Texas. in back be to great be Will PM. 6 at 14th Sept on Center Airlines American the at Dallas in be I’ll
Enjoy! 7:00. at - minutes 5 in @Morning_Joe on be Will
http://t.co/5OVWdxgLn9 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pledge The
https://t.co/wwdgQKEHD3 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain now! @TrumpTowerNY from live conference press major Watch #Periscope: on LIVE
winner! total a and friend my is Tom victory- great another yet on Brady Tom to Congratulations
anymore! win don't just We point. every virtually on lost U.S. The made. ever incompetent most the of one as down go will Iran with deal The
this-thanks knew you thought I poll. Iowa one in Carson Ben with place first for tied polls all in lot a by place first in am I .@brithume
http://t.co/slsvuxcEhF #GOP Pollster nationwide/HuffPost pollsters 29 from polls 149 Tracking
http://t.co/iZZg1N8Mwu @BretBaier. with @SpecialReport on seen as #1 as me have Polls Nomination GOP 2016
great! sounds book Your mention. nice the for thx Also is! it like it tell You morning. this @foxandfriends on job Great .@kevinolearytv
https://t.co/dHDFOG3tfp Iran! with deal terrible A
results! poll GREAT the for Thanks 7:00. at morning this @GMA on interviewed be Will
been have would that money of waste a nasty.What got they $1000000 for request crazy Growth For Club The down turned intelligently I When
way! no said I contribution. $1000000 ridiculous a for asked and N.Y.C. in office my to came Growth For Club pathetic the of president The
@FoxNews poorly. doing I'm think would you @oreillyfactor on hater Trump a Rove Karl dopey to listen you BIG.If winning me has Poll Every
election won Romney said who dope A races. ALL lost and million $430 spent He on. Rove Karl have always @FoxNews and @oreillyfactor does Why
voters. the by appreciated is it hope but so doing stupid totally contributions—feel campaign of dollars of millions down turning I’m
them see u when Remember Trump. “attack” to formed being are candidate their over control total want that groups by funded Pacs Super Many
https://t.co/bHz4Etnhw7 Bushes! or Clintons more No
fast! up heading Twitter--and on today million 4 topped everyone--we Congrats
funding. self am I candidates. of “owners” and “bosses” the by for paid are they ads attack in me against spent being are millions While
system. Bad interests. special &amp; lobbyists by funded ads “hit” on dollars of millions spending is Jeb
me? after gone have who others the as polls the in low as sink Jeb Will campaign. failing a with candidate a by hit weak another Yet
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE yet. best the is result) national - (PPP Polling Policy Public released just The
bad! Too this? reported not has @FoxNews only why wonder I 29%. at margin wide a by place first in me has POLL NATIONAL PPP new - out Just
deal. big very a is This State. Sec.of was she when sensitive More information. classified contain still E-mails Clinton 150
back! change will I Ohio. to insult Great years. 100 than more after Denali to McKinley Mt. of name the change to wants Obama President
https://t.co/VA4rHFO9Eh @VisitScotNews from award star five the got Just Scotland. Aberdeen in Links Golf Int'l Trump of proud Very
http://t.co/UOC8xu11z3 so you told I See
https://t.co/K4FKTKpaTI said… Bush Jeb as love" of "act no is This
people! Foolish House? White the around fence the down taking suggest they don’t why works (fence) wall a think don’t that those For
info of collector a as risk security major a was Wiener Anthony sleazebag perv of wife the and Clinton Hillary to aide top the Abedin Huma
Iowa! you Thank clip. of unheard almost record a at up went numbers favorability my Also poll. Iowa Bloomberg the in Leading
big! poll straw the won I fantastic. was enthusiasm and crowd The Tennessee. in friends many my with being Loved
http://t.co/kmNU8IkI5Q PERCENT"- 52 WITH POLL STRAW GRASSROOTS NASHVILLE WINS "TRUMP @BreitbartNews Via
quit! they - fundraisers top his of three lost just Bush Jeb Wow
crowd! Big Tennessee. for now Leaving
AGAIN. GREAT AMERICA MAKE to spirit Unbelievable record! a be must - house a at people 2000 Massachusetts. in night last rally Great
Enjoy! Network. OAN on 10:00 at tonight @SarahPalinUSA by interviewed be Will
http://t.co/BpybnpXMc9 @AmSpec you Thank
http://t.co/YCQAQBarfj interest! team—no the of heard even Never untrue. is Argentina in team soccer a buy to trying am I that story phony A
http://t.co/pv8sIVxCzu yesterday- Carolina South in speech my From #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://t.co/6ExyTO6BpJ nomination GOP win to odds in leads now Trump CNN: Via
@tperkins Again Great America Make way! the all you with am I Tony. @FoxNews on tonight job Great
about! talk to much So A.M. 7:00 at @Morning_Joe on interviewed be Will
Congress? of history the in upset greatest the perhaps in lost who (@EricCantor) guy a of endorsement the wants Who
comments. nice your for you Thank @CNN. on you watched just .@BenFergusonShow
https://t.co/z00nIlB7NI yourself! for see - event this covered inaccurately very has press The
places. going is he - son great a on congrats Also you! of proud all are We @heytana. tonight @CNN on job Great
you. Thank @CNN! on great absolutely were You .@KatrinaCampins
fantastic! are You words. nice the for Thanks .@DennisDMZ
http://t.co/FWPGgISlu8 @CBNNews @TheBrodyFile Network Broadcasting Christian you Thank
Enjoy! whatever. and polls politics about Talking 7:00. at morning this @TODAYshow the on interviewed be Will
Thanks! soon. again back be Will people. fabulous truly with evening Fantastic Iowa. from back got Just
you! Thank amazing. are place first all polls released Just house. packed a to Iowa to Heading
Again! Great America Make to going am I @BillKristol. you Thank
http://t.co/5P0tX9Mq8u Skarlatos. Alex &amp; Sadler Anthony Stone Spencer YOU! THANK France. in attack an averted who heroes American Great
https://t.co/HDZt12Oaid thanks. True
https://t.co/qVDlJToLqz Thanks.
http://t.co/FjQfdCrfdT 9%. at Bush and 15% at Carson 30%. at Trump SC. of state great the in result poll good Another
me. behind pts 26 only You’re nationally. zero than better SC—far of state home your in points 4 got just You @LindseyGrahamSC. Congrats
polls in ZERO Graham and He landslide. a in lost have would he again ran he If York. New of Governor as job terrible a did .@GovernorPataki
difference! BIG a there's and WALL a it's Jeb fence a not It's "fence." a build to proposal border my about talked just Bush Jeb
mess! A hispanics. to correct politically more be to way a as them to applies babies anchor that said JEB that offended very are Asians
ASIANS blamed he it uses now and term the use not would he that signed he where dilemma babies" "anchor his of out get to move clumsy a In
Jeb! Go situation. sad pretty A BUSH? name the of ashamed he Is etc. materials signage advertising on name last his uses never Bush Jeb
vacation! unscheduled day eleven another take could she Perhaps @megynkelly. without better much File Kelly The liked I
immigration! on clue No West. Cornel Dr. confront to afraid Was game. her off really is she vacation terrible a had have must .@megynkelly
http://t.co/XSbTUXxs7K nice. News--so CBN &amp; David you Thank Trump" Donald From Learn Can Evangelicals Lesson "The File: Brody The Via
http://t.co/UbprPUWHQ9 Bank. To Cash Pension Shifted Florida After Lehman at Job $1.3M Got Bush Jeb Times: Business Int'l Via
https://t.co/dty0C6K6fz Greta. you Thank
https://t.co/y3SSyF7xxX me- with agrees Bush Barbara Even
https://t.co/6BGk0ZjKwT China! of careful be Depression-
Trump. Vote messy! very get could This agenda. the dictate to Asia and China allowing and planning poor by caused all - crashing are Markets
U.S.A. smart Get down. market U.S. the taking now are markets their that Asia and China with in tied so are we stated long have I As
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we and back is majority silent yet.The number highest 32% at me has and out came just Poll Reuters New
GREATNESS! taxes"). more no lips my "read (remember thing old same the be Would House. White the in Bush another is need we thing last The
right! it get can't just Jeb body. looking different much and hand left black a him gives which ad an for photo photoshopped a has Bush Jeb
thing. good a was war Iraq the thinks and issues health women's on bad core common of favor in immigration illegal on weak is Bush Jeb
politicians! Just up. speaking finally are candidates other most border the securing and immigration illegal on war my started I that Now
season. pol #1for it making event nights last at people 30000 were there that Alabama Mobile of City the by confirmed been just has It
sad! Very microphone? own his defend even can't he if country our defend to going Sanders Bernie is How
evening! great a was It night. last Alabama in speech my on story discriptive very and accurate the for @washingtonpost the to you Thank
room. same in 11000 had Sanders Bernie said But 2000." over just is capacity rooms "the said @politico but Phoenix in people 15000 had I
truth! distort to way their of out go They something. saying is that and source media other any than inaccurately more me covers .@politico
Nice! season. political of crowd largest was folks 30000 people. amazing night last great was Alabama
words. nice the for you Thank it! loved Everybody @oreillyfactor. hosting job great a did You .@jessebwatters
http://t.co/UokCEy7e4N #TrumpRallyAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
careful! Be high. from 9% down - points 500 than more dives Dow
late! be can't - now right Alabama Mobile for Leaving
violence. condone never would I respect. with other each treat must we but passion and energy need We terrible. is incident Boston
https://t.co/oJ6sqHB3MA Great!
http://t.co/Vj8vho1ro7 back! is majority silent the Finally tonight! Alabama in time wild a have to going are We
right! not and Unaffordable stop. must This year. per babies 300000 over immigrants illegal to are U.S. in births all of 7.5% - crazy How
yourself! to true Stay it. use I because it use to wants he Now offensive. babies" "anchor term the use to not saying memo signed Bush Jeb
day! glorious and big a be will It tomorrow. shine will Alabama
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We States. United the off ripping more No again. great so again strong so country our make to going are We
criminals &amp; members Tonight.Gang News World on story fraudulent your for apologize not Why truthfully. news the report cannot .@TomLlamasABC
LIE members. gang &amp; criminals core hard to applied quick" so fast so out them get to going "we're statement My apologize. must @ABCPolitics
me.https://t.co/pOXbchdHbd and name) (eagle’s Sam” “Uncle with video scenes the Behind
http://t.co/GoloYLeRZz shoot. photo @TIME for yesterday office my in visitor special a Had
http://t.co/zlEHp49oPs honor! great Magazine—a @TIME of cover the On
http://t.co/ovxQMw4kob Again! Great America Make will we Together Hampshire! New you Thank
http://t.co/loMirPFLIZ you! Thank result! poll great Another
together! time great a had all we people Amazing Hampshire. New from back got Just
tonight. PM 9 at Special @CNN on then and Hampshire New in be Will
fast! selling is it -- http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 visit please shop To online. available now is hat #MakeAmericaGreatAgain official My
tonight! @seanhannity on job great and you Thank - .@MarkSteynOnline
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will We back. country our taking is majority silent The tomorrow. Hampshire New in being to forward looking am I
http://t.co/xDay480qfv support: bipartisan have will &amp; lobbyists not country for delivers it so program transform will plan reform H-1B My
U.S. for jobs of lots &amp; environment on impact No pipeline. XL Keystone the approve immediately will I President elected am I If
much. so you Thank terrific. was story your sister my of proud very am I .@jasondhorowitz
hat! signature my including merchandise #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 Visit open! is store campaign online Our
country. our of out thrown be not should they U.S. the in stay to want &amp; colleges great our attend foreigners When
etc. engineers needs Valley Silicon citizens. become to and hard work country—to this into come to people talented want I
https://t.co/SDfmHgneAf matter! does It
fast! selling is it --- http://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW visit please shop To online. available now is hat #MakeAmericaGreatAgain official My
guy! terrific show Fantastic Duty. Jury to back way on @rushlimbaugh to Listening
subjects! many so on Wrong head? talking a as Will George keep @FoxNews does Why
http://t.co/wZiNNsvZx2 deals! bad and politicians incompetent of tired all are amazing--we really been have polls The
forget. never will I something is enthusiasm and love crowds The Fair. State Iowa the at being enjoyed really I
good! be must you therefore -- sense wonderful with man brilliant a is father Your .@NicolleDWallace
down! you let never will I IOWA you Thank people. phenomenal crowds Record Fair. State Iowa the from back got Just
https://t.co/zSLKMCk0tW #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Let's Iowa! morning Good #Periscope: on LIVE
kids. the of some to rides helicopter giving Hopefully fun. great be Will Fair. State Iowa to heading plane the In
crowd! fantastic people Fantastic now. leaving - Hampshire New in tonight speech Making
President! for run to Apprentice The &amp; @NBC DROPPED I THAT say to story fraudulent their change should @HuffingtonPost and .@AP
GREAT! were @NBC folks &amp; Greenblatt Bob me. leave NOT DID Apprentice Pres—the for run to Apprentice The left I that understand don’t People
merchandise. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain latest the shop to http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 Visit open! officially is store campaign Our
https://t.co/cju8E0Y0xJ watch- my under Not
merchandise. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain latest the shop to http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 Visit open! officially is store campaign online Our
fast! selling is it --- http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 visit please shop To online. available now is hat #MakeAmericaGreatAgain official My
before. never like force a Iran make &amp; destruction world partial least at to lead Will stopped. be must that catastrophe a is #IranDeal The
agree! you hope importantly more and it enjoy you Hope hour. full the for tonight @seanhannity by interviewed be Will
merchandise. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain latest the shop to http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 Visit open! officially is store online Our
Paul. Rand than better far debate good very a had .@SenTedCruz
tomorrow! luck Better @oreillyfactor. on tonight did you than better much do can you .@ericbolling
plan? up back be Kentucky should Why Pres. and Senator for running by Kentucky of people the of advantage take to allowed @RandPaul is Why
country! our back Take worse. get only will problems Rampant immigration. illegal is that machine killing and crime the stop must We
DEBATE! at terrible was He brain. functioning properly a without brat spoiled a of me reminds Kentucky of Paul Rand Senator weird Truly
WALL! a build and out them Get woman. old year 64 loved and wonderful a of bludgeoning fatal the with charged is immigrant illegal Again
work! great the up keep Also TV. on me about made you statements wonderful the for much so you Thank .@KatrinaCampins
person special a you're surprised not media.I'm the to me about made you statements wonderful the see to pleased was I .@BrandenRoderick
friend! loyal a are you – much so you Thank weekend. this television on fantastic were You .@OMAROSA
http://t.co/2mZlN3UO94 couple! a What @KathieLGifford. woman wonderful absolutely an to married guy great a was Frank
https://t.co/0k0Y0pgbhC Bushes! more no Enough- is Enough
good! always is word His @FoxNews. on fairly treated be will “Trump” that me assures &amp; guy great a is He called. just Ailes Roger
one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE (pure) innocent the am ago--I years 5 show @HowardStern on discussion @megynkelly innocent out check really Oh
all! by missed be will He person. amazing and special a was Frank condolences. deepest our send I and Melania .@KathieLGifford
7:20. at Joe Morning on and A.M. 7:00 at Show @TODAY on interviewed be will I
family. to condolences Warmest guy! great truly a and friend my was He 84. age at away passed just has Gifford Frank Wonderful
zip! get I &amp; history in ratings biggest the them brought I @FoxNews. than better much so me treat to seem networks other that me amazes It
chance! zero has She headache. massive a develop you straight minutes ten than more for Fiorina Carly to listen you if that realized just I
money and time me saved has who buffoon and sleaze major a EWErickson at angry very were People Atlanta. in today @RedState at crowds Small
ratings! the them got I and win Trump the fighting consistantly is @FoxNews Only debate." the won "Trump that support universal Almost
more! and N.Y.Times Newsmax Drudge Time Also audience. with best connected DEBATE the won Trump Donald that said just CNN Wow
"weakness." country. our killing is correctness Political support. your of all for thanks and all you miss I .@redstate
w/thought on got Just (NOSE). wherever" her of out coming blood eyes her of out coming blood was there see could "you quote: Kelly Megyn Re
nonsense! on energy and time wasting stop and work to back get all to have We country. our in fools correct" "politically many So
debate. won easily Trump say others many when lie to him causes – unbelievable is me for has @krauthammer clown that hatred The
@FoxNews fired. be should @krauthammer ....Dopey
bad... but nothing say you &amp; history your in ratings debate highest the you got I yourself. of ashamed be should you .@FoxNews
http://t.co/rWPZTeoc6j @business @FoxNews Stronger Him Made Momentum Trump's Kill Couldn't News Fox Bloomberg: via
http://t.co/mzR62luvWq @JohnKasich 10% @RealBenCarson v.12% 45% margin.. wide by debate night's last of winner @realDonaldTrump poll: @TIME
professional! or good very not was @megynkelly especially trio @FoxNews the though even tonight debate the enjoyed really I
clown! a are You again. business for looking office my to come Don't joke. total a are groups" "focus so-called your .@FrankLuntz
watch. to Funny twitter! on wild going are People tonight. bombed really @megynkelly Wow
panel. dumb that find you did where so @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE_REPORT margins massive by tonight debate the of poll every won I .@FrankLuntz
panels! anti-Trump picks he Now interest. zero had I and work consulting for looking office my to came who slob class low a is .@FrankLuntz
http://t.co/fokcASBVuN @DRUDGE_REPORT from honor great a What Wow!
http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS honor! great a readers- @TIME you Thank
http://t.co/SNrr9YZmou #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://t.co/fokcASBVuN @DRUDGE_REPORT from honor great a What Wow!
http://t.co/rQ8LZHgHyJ #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate the for arrived Just
happen! can It again. great America making to forward more far look but -- "debate" tonight's to forward look I
pro! total stuff--a his knows really @FoxNews on Man" Property The Is Massi "Bob called show a does who .@realbobmassi
decades!" in have politicians these than week 1 in issues Veterans to attention more drawn has @realDonaldTrump Amen! "AmyMek
https://t.co/LO14es9CLp honor! great people--my fantastic from article wonderful a Such Wow!
http://t.co/AANybghvCv Favorability 34% Records Hispanics Among Field GOP Leads Trump Poll:
https://t.co/uA1LZ0EoAo you. Thank
https://t.co/6G7hVhrtiY Thanks.
nightmare. worst her is Trump knows She status? him give to order in possible as often as name Jeb's out spews Hillary that notice you Do
well. them control—know total have will rich Bush’s—all Jeb as donors same the are donors Hillary’s of Many
PM. 11 and PM 8 at @FoxNews on tonight @oreillyfactor on be will I
http://t.co/ckTmTsaIY2 Trump" for vote will says time first for vote to registers "92-year-old
message. campaign my to listen and 917.756.8000 cellphone my on me Call @gawker! you Thank
Franklin Benjamin -- luck. good of mother the is Diligence
Enjoy! 7:3O. at @Morning_Joe on interviewed be Will
made! being is progress of lot A @oreillyfactor. on comments nice your for @krauthammer you Thank
http://t.co/3aSLoZYDLx candidates- other the for question @facebook #GOPDebate My
Einstein Albert -- them. created we when used we thinking same the with problems our solve cannot We
http://t.co/sAVTGaswcl Water. the of Out Else Everyone Blowing Trump Donald Shows Poll New
world. the tell will Weiner Anthony husband PR Huma’s emails. illegal private Hillary’s about all knows Abedin Huma that out came It
commentary. on job fabulous a did you &amp; there you seeing Great @TrumpTurnberry. on statements wonderful the for Judy Thanks .@Jrprotalker
commentary. great Also taste! fantastic have husband your and You Turnberry. re weekend over comments nice for Thanks .@DottieandBogey
miserable. is &amp; anybody than more fell he surge Trump the with happy being Bush Jeb about story @nytimes false the Despite
him not &amp; candidates other hurting was I that was he happy how them convinced people his where trap Bush the into fall @nytimes the did Wow
nightmare! Bush a job con - "delight" Bush reporting is @nytimesworld the and him for great is surge" "Trump the that pretending is Bush
Enjoy! 7:00. at morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
Puppets? Brothers. Koch the from etc. money for beg to California to traveled that candidates Republican the of all to luck good wish I
ET 11:30AM at today @FoxNews on @ericbolling with interview my Watch
Ford Henry -- right. you're thing a do can't you think or thing a do can you think you If
you! polls--thank greater even and new some Wow
@Turnberrybuzz tomorrow. hard hitting back be Will great. are Open British Women's &amp; tomorrow--place Turnberry Trump leaving be Will
@WSJ lies. @DanHenninger suffering. etc roads Education deficit. budget massive but Wisconsin in taxes raise not Should
https://t.co/xBJ47fUXC0 service! your for you Thank
https://t.co/BbD9deWjbQ you. Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! failing. are Politicians speaking. is majority silent The great. consistently been have polls The
candidates. other the of respectful highly &amp; nice very be to intention my certainly is it &amp; night Thursday on debate the to forward look I
Saturday trail on Back tonite. television over all be will &amp; there was Everybody Scotland. in Turnberry Trump from conference news a at Just
it! hates he &amp; wrong so been has He results. poll misrepresents &amp; fumbles consistently who know I reporter only the is @FoxNews Cameron Carl
Sat. back be Will tournament). (biggest Open British Women's The Hosting Scotland. in Turnberry resort GREAT my for leave to ready Getting
Trump! influence Cannot them. from else anything or money their want don't I but Club) P.B. my of (members Brothers Koch the like really I
https://t.co/oRATmdIzqE you. Thank
me—crazy! about nothing know but me about talk others &amp; Hurt Harry writer failed and Beck Elizabeth lawyer like People
Trump? discussing TV on be me about anything or me know doesn’t but me about book failed a wrote who Hurt Harry like dope dummy a can How
#ChangeTheWorldIn5Words GREAT!!!! America Make Will Trump
cellphone? LEGAL his REPLACED he because guilty is Brady Tom while ...
... server) email illegal her DESTROYS she (after doubt the of benefit the get Clinton Hillary does Why @rushlimbaugh: Per
http://t.co/49IAe1Nlm7 Florida” in … 26-20% Bush Jeb leads Trump Donald poll: “Shock @MitchEPerry: by @SaintPetersblog Via
http://t.co/vKz8a0ICGs WHAT?! -- 'problematic' is 'American' word the claims Guide Language Bias-Free outrage! an is This
looming! MAJORITY SILENT great a is There lies. media many so despite me with sticking are who people of millions the of all LOVE truly I
cool! Really air. the off Beast Daily losing money and failing the from reporter pathetic the throwing for @Morning_Joe you Thank
NOTHING! Know insight. D.J.T. great have they though as media the and T.V. over all commenting are me about nothing know who people many So
me. about nothing knows She television). over (all Trump Donald on expert an sudden a of all soundly so beat I (Beck) somebody is Why .@CNN
easy was hershe beating loved I fees). legal got even (I lost she me against job terrible a did Beck Elizabeth Lawyer @CNNPolitics &amp; .CNN
fees. legal and win total Got me. against results her with happy are they if clients her Ask beat. to me for easy was Beck Elizabeth Lawyer
dep. at me of front in pump breast to wanted she Also fees. legal got I and case the lost Beck lawyer that say not did @CNNPolitics &amp; .@CNN
so you candidates.Told Republican all leading - Hispanics with #1 me putting poll major a with out come just has (PPP) Polling Policy Public
http://t.co/BWrHxT50sy ‘CRIMINAL" WAS EMAIL HILLARY’S OVERSEAS AMERICANS ATTACK SHOULDN’T OBAMA "TRUMP: @mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
it. get doesn’t just Jeb matters. law of rule The wall. a have must We all. at nation a not is BORDERS WITHOUT nation A
billions. with them supporting are that donors &amp; interests special lobbyists beating also I’m polls the in opponents my beating I’m While
Reagan Ronald – lives.” their run not people the protect to is duty first “Government's
https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Let’s leadership. real for time It’s us. for work Washington make can We
stopped. be to has It East. Middle the in race arms nuclear a to lead will Iranians the with deal nuclear Obama’s
http://t.co/91i6FWWxGf Worked” It and -- Down Doubled “Trump @limbaugh: Via
@JeffJlpa1 by @AmSpec via http://t.co/dQ4OHpT227 DECEIT’” AND ‘PLUNDER “@marklevinshow:
http://t.co/Y36EQiGE5a Politicians'” Incompetent These Tired...Of Are 'People Appeal: His Explains “Trump @SJonesCNS: by cnsnews Via
leader! country—incompetent our of history in into entered ever misjudgments dangerous most &amp; dumbest the of one as down go will .#IranDeal
http://t.co/aeHiTqEZlq Hampshire” New in Bush of support the twice has Trump “Poll: by @politico Via
http://t.co/RqP6MNnR7h Again! Great America making &amp; action no &amp; talk all being Obama on @seanhannity with int. @FoxNews My
https://t.co/erwKxZVGpP #MakeAmericaGreatAgain veterans. our protect must We
https://t.co/sLXkCh9qfg fan! @dallasmavs a becoming rapidly am I words. nice your for @mcuban you Thank
Aesop -- done. than said is more done and said is all After
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE will we you Thank @CNN. on tonight fantastic was .@TheBrodyFile
down. you let not will I smarts! and energy Great @CNN. on did you job great the for @scottienhughes you Thank
about! talk to much so is There 10:00. at @seanhannity on tonight interviewed be Will
me! for negotiating him want don't I up. gave he then and Olympics the for going on money and time of lot a wasted Walsh Mayor Boston's
Enjoy. discuss! to Lots it. to forward look and PM 10 at tonight @seanhannity on be I’ll
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to soon Back tournaments. golf great world's of one Open British Women's of start for AM Thurs on Turnberry in Be
trail. on back &amp; days two for go I’ll week. this there Open British Women’s world. in resorts great of one Scotland in Turnberry own I
https://t.co/WsA3Jnjhwa 99.2% rate: success biz phenomenal my mention to forgot NH in catcher dog elected get couldn't who .@GovernorSununu
https://t.co/hDm7MrrwTD Lou. Thanks
VA. the reform to need the about stories your share to veterans@donaldtrump.com address email or 352 VETS- 855- call please Veterans
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make help and lives save will It border. our secure to wall a build must We
@reidepstein &amp; @heatherhaddon by @WSJ via http://t.co/nyYk3DBXD5 Bent” Antiestablishment His Praise Trump Donald to Drawn “Iowans
http://t.co/UARuXLir8b Polls” Hampshire New and Iowa in Trump Donald for Showings “Strong @AshleyRParker: by @nytpolitics Via
https://t.co/xU5h2BwojR Thanks.
win! will I – watch But you. saved Obama guess I did you what for prison to gone have should you think I While .@SteveRattner
mess. a forecast jobs bad deficit Massive him. for voting be won’t they WI in done has Walker Scott job a bad how out find people When
gaining. &amp; close Iowa in #2 lot a by NH in #1 am I NBC #1. me having also poll CNN new w/ polls most in leading now I’m news Great
https://t.co/CWQZlIBV78 Greta. you Thank
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X will we -- Root Wayne you Thank
etc. jobs in poorly doing and hilt the to borrowing turmoil in is Wisconsin material. presidential not but guy nice a is .@ScottWalker
http://t.co/P58AGMmBwY Again! Great America Make will We heroes. nation's our - Veterans with speak to great Always
soon! back be Will crowd. out sold Fantastic today. Iowa in success Great
https://t.co/wisZRVAmPR #MakeAmericaGreatAgain to want who people of venue Packed
https://t.co/qEUeu8cDwO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Iowa. Oskaloosa in speak me hear to waiting Supporters
smart! not hard--- very me hit fundraiser dumb very your award an me give to office my to coming your despite .@ScottWalker
couple. amazing an be will and winner true a are You guy. lucky a is he --- engagement your on Congratulations .@ShawnJohnson
Macy’s. profiling racial boycott should Parenthood Planned against Anybody . @PPFA to contributor big a is .@Macy’s
thrilled! be must @ariannahuff Dummy margin. big a by and (poll) @HuffingtonPost losing money the in #1 now am I that funny it Isn't
lie! they today-but Iowa in event my to credentials press for team my BEGGING is Register Moines Des failing seriously and liberal ultra The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to go to way long a have we but honor great A lot. a by place 1st. in me has @TheEconomist by out just poll Big
day! great a be will - crowd Big today. Iowa to go to ready Getting
http://t.co/OvL90Hm1KN POLL" BACKLASH POST-MCCAIN IN LEAD COMMANDING TO SURGES TRUMP "DONALD @NolteNC: by @BreitbartNews Via
immigration! illegal discussing for me criticized then Americans--&amp; African profiling for fine massive a paid @Macys that amazing it Isn’t
https://t.co/H7d2ZLmod2 well! doing are you hope I #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! to time It's @DennisRodman. you Thank
it! Read today. us to crucial are that issues analyzes powerfully He Deceit. and Plunder book great a written has .@marklevinshow
https://t.co/zuI0QYYCaQ True!
https://t.co/xD2hlCobgo thanks. True
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s inside. the from DC fix to outside the from someone send to time is It
Hunter. American book new @williebosshog's of copy a get to sure Be
https://t.co/vIcDmjUiJV Laredo. in border the on day amazing an From
https://t.co/nZMeKl3siW border. the out check to Arriving
people. great what -- place great a what SC Bluffton love I
https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG House White the to politician another send can’t We debt. with country our exploded and military our shrunk has DC
consequence. any facing never in experts are politicians The scandal? VA the for accountable held be anyone will When
now! book new your for out sending I’m statements. nice the appreciate I and great were You @foxandfriends. on you watched .@williebosshog
http://t.co/PuYQl4CRg3 Parade'” 'America's Became Parade Day Veterans York's New “How read: Great
https://t.co/kbdTazxEZG True.
evening. this Louisiana Lafayette in everyone with prayers &amp; Thoughts
problem! no worry--- don’t but out work don’t just things Sometimes @DanaPerino. there getting not just You’re
Wishes. Best points. excellent some Made @TeamCavuto. on you watched .@bobbyjindal
https://t.co/FFzhWLUfzF Great!
https://t.co/CD3SYvgKfj Thanks.
https://t.co/sEdzvjuHgY True!
informative! and exciting be Should P.M. 1:OO at land Will Laredo. for off lift to ready Getting
soar! will Country Trump. back finally you when success giant a be will magazine failing slightly and small your Bill .@BillKristol
clue! no with guy O'Brien-dumb likeTim heads talking stupid really on puts he when @andersoncooper by interviewed being time of waste a What
stores! better far are there Besides glory. no guts no @Macys Boycott
waste! A wealth. my or me about nothing knows O'brian writer Dopey show. his on heads talking anti-Trump worst absolutely the Has .@AC360
tomorrow. border the to going am I tonight. @seanhannity on terrific were you .@tedcruz
vets! the save will I interest. NO had I work. for looking office my to Came religion. my or me about nothing knows .@FrankLuntz
http://t.co/xPHdH74OXf Ban" Abortion Week 20 Of Support In Out Comes Trump Donald Exclusive: File "Brody @TheBrodyFile: by @CBNNews Via
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let's Obama. and Bush Clinton after up clean to outsider an take to going It's
https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG Again! Great America Make will We silent. longer no are We Establishment! the Trump Let’s
Walker? Scott for works wife his that Fox on is he time every disclaimer a give to have Will George Shouldn’t
fairly—enjoy! me treats he if see Let’s tonight. @CNN on @andersoncooper by interviewed be Will
MATTER! LIVES MILITARY stop. to has It Zones! Free Gun bases &amp; centers recruitment military all keep will still Obama
@dsherfinski by @washtimes via http://t.co/jpqYBBN6gx elected’” Trump getting by it fix ‘you everybody’; fire ‘I’d woes: VA on Trump “Donald
http://t.co/xcxP1l8S5E BORDER” TEXAS TO HEADING TRUMP “DONALD @BobPriceBBTX: by BreitbartNews @ Via
together! progress making are we -- fair Very @NBCNightlyNews. on night last commentary your for @chucktodd you Thank
day! big a to forward Look people. brave really some seeing be Will tomorrow. BORDER the to going I'm
https://t.co/axPAVsLEqx Hypocrite! money. and support my for begging and nice playing cycle last office my in .@GovernorPerry
https://t.co/xqlRporCwT thanks. True
many! of one just - original So numbers. phone cell old my of one publish to going is newspaper York New failing a hear I
people! amazing crowd capacity Fantastic Carolina. South in today day Great
http://t.co/uQrcCwmjhq Hearing” Senate During Trump Donald Thanks Teen Murdered of “Mother @gatewaypundit: Via
https://t.co/4bEAW1sDzU Iowa in power no has that paper liberal ultra the Register Moines Des failing the to response My
time! about It's half-staff. flags the lowered and lead my followed Obama President glad I'm
Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67 Fallen Five the of Honor in Properties Trump all at Half-Staff at flown be to Flags
http://t.co/krftGdPHN4 Register- Moines Des the to Response
cheering"http://t.co/xfgPmrEtKv supporters has Trump leaders GOP by "Disavowed @colvinj: &amp; @kronayne by @AP Via
surprised! Not - @OpenChampionship winning going Great years. for it said I’ve competitiors. great truly the of one You're .@ZachJohnsonPGA
reporters. real &amp; Bannon Steve to Thanks http://t.co/Lb3PBlN3u0 @nbc @chucktodd eyes sleepy than smarter much is .@BreitbartNews
terrific. been since has Abbott Gov. himself. of ashamed be should He border. the securing of job horrible absolutely an did Perry Rick
immigration! illegal stopping important--- so something doing people amazing are You DC. in testimony your on friends new my to luck Good
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE all will we you Thank lead! digit double - numbers poll national great got Just
you. Thank up! points 11 DonaldTrump has poll preference @GOP @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost new Wow
etc. immigration illegal veterans our of treatment poor the about talking be Will 8:00. at tonight @oreillyfactor on interviewed be will I
assume! I money tabloid—saving a like Looks @WSJ. become have pages the small how Look
veterans. wonderful our than better treated are Illegals vets. treated horribly our about it’s McCain John about longer no is story This
“inclusion" about less care couldn’t They me. w/ upset became they that Apprentice the do wouldn't I that NBC informed I after only was It
@JohnMcCain" @realDonaldTrump ago! month a weren't We #VA! the about talking we're least At @johnjcarp61 "
veterans. our than better immigrants illegal treating be will we where politicians incompetent our with point a at be soon will We
cares! Who politically. me hitting always is for purchased was it what of 1/10 about worth is which @WSJ dwindling ever The
http://t.co/luEYQhgrr9 lectured" be to need don't I "Trump: piece: @USATOpinion My
AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE energy! tremendous and crowds big - week next stops campaign big very some making be will I
times! two last the like just - defeat big very a to down go will it or fast and smarter and tougher get must Party Republican The
http://t.co/EplLsBWgBE yesterday got I ovations standing the about piece true A
talk. but them help to nothing done has McCain John greatly. suffering are veterans our and shambles in is Administration Veterans The
apology! owes He Phoenix. in week last immigration illegal on help seek to came they when "crazies" people of thousands called McCain John
https://t.co/P1dxTmeCmQ McCain John about said I what on piece definitive the wrote just @SharylAttkisson Wow
quickly. VA fix will I politicians. the and him by badly so treated being are Vets our that is McCain John of fan no am I reasons the of One
http://t.co/sgiETvdUqi Loser’” ‘A Is McCain John Trump: “Donald @fitsnews: Via
McCain! John did wayso the By Obama. against won been easily have should that election an lost He @MittRomney? to listen anybody would Why
Perry. by ago long done been have Should border. the at stance bold &amp; tough a taking for @GregAbbott_TX Texas of Gov. new the to Congrats
inept. are politicians proves scandal VA care. to access universal deserve Veterans Veterans. our supporting record track proven a have I
care. no gets and list waiting a on put is country our served has ....that
Veterans..... our of one and care health free receive and border the across walk can immigrant illegal an that embarrassment national a It's
Vets! great our for right this make will I
anything. doing of incapable but talk talk talk is television on go is does he All
lives. their manage successfully to Veterans for possible it make to and situation the fix to miserably failed has McCain ....John
years... many for citizens class third like treated been have country our of Veterans The
heroes! are soldiers our all not or Captured
President! for run his in Obama Barack to losing by down us let McCain John Vets our of care taking in job lousy a doing to addition In
soon. back be will I people. wonderful many from ovation standing a got Iowa in Summit Leadership Family left Just
http://t.co/Nh0rJPeUNl McCain- John on Statement
GREAT. (Presbyterian). Protestant am I that out find to amazed always are People speak. to ready getting Iowa in now am I
dumb! plain just is @CNNPolitics &amp; @CNN but understand to simple So liabilities. and debt all AFTER is worth) (net billion $10 The
hard! that not really it's - right it get they can't Why accurately. me cover not does @CNNPolitics and @CNN starved Ratings
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE people. amazing and spirit Great crowd. GOP record a before night last Arkansas in speech a Made
me! about stories bad write only they and poll their in #1 am I that crazy post @HuffingtonPost losing money the &amp; @ariannahuff driving It's
Poll. Post Huff in #1 am I enterainment. as me cover to @HuffingtonPost losing money the at minions her told @ariannahuff clown liberal The
http://t.co/kCP39adNvR you. Thank Amazing! .@genesimmons
forget. won’t I talent! such you--- for easy so --- guys wise the handling job great really .@genesimmons
http://t.co/WxwQWHIgOO Post- Huffington to Response
http://t.co/8Habr989Yw @TPInsidr Via
http://t.co/hVNrE2XVWw @dsherfinski by @WashTimes Via
http://t.co/IKP5DSD5nY @BreitbartNews- Via
@Franklin_Graham - now.” from years million a and today and yesterday same the is word “God's
http://t.co/x1swUrw8l1 bases.” military at zones' free 'gun Thursday: issues top his of one another on right proven was Trump “Donald
trail! campaign on Lying http://t.co/zeEKCFXroE immigrants” illegal for citizenship for to…pathway open was “he said Jeb March2013: @AP Via
https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG Again! Great America Make Let’s back! country our take can We silent. be longer no will We
STOP! TO HAS THIS THEMSELVES! PROTECT TO ABLE BE MUST SOLDIERS OUR ZONES! FREE GUN END MATTER! LIVES MILITARY
#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! silent! longer no are We crowd. Record tonight! Dinner Reagan-Rockefeller @ARGOP the at speaking to forward Looking
America! in on going is what with up fed is #SilentMajority The 68. had @HillaryClinton night! last Hampshire New in me join thousands had I
guns. without helpless but trained highly were They chance. a had never shot just were who marines great four The zones. free gun of rid Get
today. killed Marines great four the of families the to prayers and Thoughts
debate. GOP the enter to allowed being before test IQ an take to forced be should He border. the on failed .@GovernorPerry
means. demagoguery word the what understand doesn't He me. on quote pollster a gave just .@GovernorPerry
Annapolis--dummy! at class his in last Graduated primaries. the in defeated be should .@SenJohnMcCain
apologize! "crazies"--must them called @SenJohnMcCain Americans. amazing were Phoenix in me for up showed that people of thousands The
http://t.co/lEBOJST9dA@MichaelCohen212 up" is favorability Trump's show polls GOP "New CNN:
Reagan Ronald – disappear.” never launched once programs governments' So size. in itself reduces voluntarily ever government “No
way! Bush the It’s http://t.co/SbeHmuQJak Trail” Money Core Common the and Bush “Jeb – cronyism Bush More
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s sense. common is It Americans. for deals great negotiate can who leaders need We
it! Love house. speech—packed a Making now. Hampshire New for Leaving
Republicans! up Stand Congress. in stopped be must It threat. security national direct a poses deal Iran The
worse! even show York New garbage. Hokey @pennjillette. is opinion my in Vegas Las in show worst The
fool! a is He wrong. were numbers $ Apprentice my that said ratings the in dying is show unwatchable whose O’Donnell @Lawrence Dopey
#Iran again. negotiated out America deal. bad a than better is deal No
@theblaze’ via http://t.co/AwCVNdzyry Iran" in Freedom Pastor’s Christian Secure to Failing for Obama Blasts Trump “Donald – FLASHBACK
http://t.co/h3eIc4mgu3 Winery” Virginia His at Politics Talks “Trump @ZekeJMiller: by @TIME Via
http://t.co/najLkku1zE Savagery” and Scope in Staggering is Crime Alien Illegal Right: is “Trump @FSMtweet: Via
@ASwoyer by @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/vL4ifAkxRt TRUMP” DONALD OF SUPPORT IN RETALIATE CUSTOMERS MACY’S “30000
http://t.co/y7nd9BziBP Wow!?! Fusion? and Univision about true this Is
http://t.co/rrRd7AkFED MANIFESTO” POLICY BLOCKBUSTER TRUMP’S TOUGH’: GET TO “‘TIME Bannon: Steve by @BreitbartNews Via
https://t.co/7RTinwz1a8 people! great are They
https://t.co/iGNIDSqlfZ you. Thank
@FoxNews loser. total race—a one win didn’t and + million $400 wasted .@KarlRove
Bushy! credibility—a zero with clown a air—he’s the on @KarlRove have shouldn’t You .@FoxNews
impact! alive—big memory important very sister’s your Keep people. parents—fantastic your and you to talking Great .@BradSteinle
job. Amazing anytime. me defend can You great. were you you Thank .@andydean2014
U.S.A. for bad are they and suck stores Macy's cards. their up cutting are people many So forever. continues @Macys of boycott the hope I
forgiveness. for begging me to letter Wrote chance. a had never He Apprentice. The on @pennjillette Penn atheist goofball firing loved I
ago. long died have would show Apprentice The Without (Penn). guy boring surprised Not terrible. is Broadway on show @pennjillette hear I
'12. in himself of fool Made cred. zero Has me. about "bull" talks he as @FoxNews on nervously shakes and sweats @KarlRove clown Irrelevant
https://t.co/uH6h74qShv Piers. you Thank
wishes. Best support. your appreciate greatly night--I last CNN on fabulous were You .@StephenBaldwin7
)" http://t.co/nexlCVB8ml (via today mentions 79352 with Twitter on discussion the dominating is @realdonaldtrump ".@PolitiTrends
wrong. races all called who plant bush a credibility no has on—he @KarlRove put not should .@FoxNews
Bushy! races—a all lost &amp; $430M Spent @FoxNews? on @KarlRove clown to listen people do Why
amazing. are family &amp; sister Your calling. before by go to time little a wanted I 4. July of tweet wonderful yr for you Thank .@BradSteinle
http://t.co/s6nxfqdSQs Week Straight Second for Poll National Tops Trump Hill: The Via
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s back. country our take to ready &amp; energized are We silent. longer no are We
AMAZING! made and bought I that development producing job another Vineyards Trump at Virginia Charlottesville in land to ready Getting
https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j us? for negotiating want you do Who
http://t.co/nzYfehyURa Clinton- Hillary to Response
CALL! Pres-MAKE on Steinle.Come Kate of family the to call phone one just make to willing or able isn't Obama President that believe can't I
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s wall. a build must We all. at nation no is borders without nation A
well. Play it. reads down---nobody you get @NYDailyNews the let Don't -- @Mets Harvey Matt
here. stay will Jobs One! Day on stop will this President As http://t.co/TgVQ1458AJ AGAIN! Mexico to Michigan from jobs MOVING is Ford
price! long very and big a paid has he time It's Fame. of Hall Baseball the into Rose Pete Let
http://t.co/qtmaEbeVy8 Macy's boycotting are people that happy so am I
http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp 14% at second Bush and 18% at place first in me has @pollsterpolls @HuffingtonPost - nice Very
immigrant. illegal an by SF in down gunned was who Steinle Kate beautiful the of honor Law—in Kate’s support absolutely I
http://t.co/894aXjRXDn Immigration" on Debate Entire the Changed Has "Trump Limbaugh: Rush
https://t.co/J59RW8tqQX this- with fun some Have
http://t.co/E7UA3eyP5O license. drivers CA has he revealed been border—it's our thru often U.S. the to comes Chapo El
billion. $3 them paid U.S. corrupt. escape—totally Chapo’s El with horrible looks gov’t corrupt totally Mexico’s
security. border on statements my w/ good so was timing the because prison Mexican the from Chapo El freed I that is town around joke The
prez. for quality easily should accomplishment” “great of People weekend. this comments wonderful yr appreciate Greatly .@McLaughlinGroup
old! month a are that polls show networks the polls the in #1 I’m that now that interesting it Isn’t
Chapo El true? be to out turned which sending...." is "Mexico statement my for me to apologize to start media the and people will When
money! the get they crime &amp; drugs killers the get We border. the through Mexico into brought gets dollars of billions ....likewise
U.S. the into right death and drugs sucking cleaner vacuum a was it like unimpeded border the use cartels drug Mexican the and Chapo El
no! say can't "leaders" our because citizen U.S. a become to prison escaped just who lord drug Mexican the Chapo El invite will U.S. The
media! the by treatment unfair Very saying. been I've what that's .....but
border! over comes U.S. the into coming etc. cocaine the of most that saying is everyone prison from escaped lord drug Mexican the that Now
long! so taking is what imagine can't I Press? The Meet starved ratings from dog a like fired be will @chucktodd eyes sleepy that hear I
ass! his kick would however ...Trump
.... prison? from escaped who lord drug Mexican the Chapo' 'El with negotiating Clinton Hillary or Bush Jeb envision you Can
fail! him watching Love pathetic? he Isn't Press. The Meet killing is @ChuckTodd eyes Sleep
so! you told I price. the paying is USA and corruption Unbelievable jail. from escapes lord drug biggest Mexico's
day! GREAT A in. them let they so heat the in outside standing people of thousands have to want not did officials Center Convention Phoenix
room. code 4000 in people 12-15000 allowing by code fire the broke they that admit to want don't Phoenix in officials Center Convention
http://t.co/HCu2T8TFP2 PHOENIX" IN STRENGTH THROUGH PEACE PREACHES "TRUMP @AWRHawkins: by @BreitbartNews Via
well! all Wishing Phoenix. in campaigning am I because night tomorrow pageant USA Miss the attend to able be not will I
http://t.co/I5CybmR0MF Again! Great America Make Let's wall! a build must We sense. common is It security. border want immigrants Legal
Again! Great America Make Let's http://t.co/PIo4YHPJlP Factor" Trump the Down "Breaking @CharlesHurt: with segment @ANHQDC Great
https://t.co/Ve6IxqXqfb Again! Great America Make Let's wall! a Build security! border for Arizona in patriots with standing am I Today
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let's security! border for Arizona in patriots 15000 with with rallying be will I Today
http://t.co/JZuIg1cmEB Phoenix" in Trump introduce to victim murder of "Father @mj_lee: by @CNNPolitics Via
America. Love happening! total a be will that - Phoenix amazing to on Then crowd. great - Fest) (Freedom Vegas Las to go to ready Getting
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE @Univision. and @Macys Boycott
Funny! fast. money Need viewers. enough not and debt much Too badly. really doing are They @Univision. of financials the seen anyone Has
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make will economy robust A wrong. are Medicaid &amp; SS cut to want who Republicans The
http://t.co/5QWk3GgBiB Bibles” Me Send People 2011: in File Brody To Trump “Donald @TheBrodyFile: by @CBNNews Via
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s Strength! through Peace wars. stop will military strong A
@toddstarnes by @FoxNews via http://t.co/3qSUVRaf6f volume” the up crank to needs Trump Donald way! No down? it “Tone
it! love - backfired really This glory. no guts No cards. credit up cutting and @Macys boycotting are people of thousands that love I
thousands! many now people 500 be to supposed Was country. entire in ticket Hottest P.M. 2:00 at tomorrow Phoenix in being to forward Look
http://t.co/X67CF765jQ spouses. their &amp; Hvidston Robin Sparks Brenda Moreno Lupe Rosenberg Don Durdin Sabine Shaw Jamiel with Standing
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s creator. job a is who President a need We growth. by solved are problems biggest Our
http://t.co/PtViAyrO4A
https://t.co/76fQCecDBd Center. Convention Phoenix to move to had crowd Laura--Massive
http://t.co/C3v63rb9pD far-fetched” so be not may Trump’ ‘President show “Polls @GeoffEarle: by @nypost Via
https://t.co/sRePS1nvIq #MakeAmericaGreatAgain to want I
America! of detriment the to something getting are contributed who people those of Everyone $100M. over raised he announced just Bush Jeb
payments! Stop sanctions. the double and WALK to Time backs. our behind things bad many doing while deal nuclear the delay to continues Iran
http://t.co/nryPS8aPxA RESPONSE" OVERWHELMING to due Arizona in rally Saturday for venues changing Trump "WHOA: @trscoop: Via
Again! Great America Make Let's wall! a Build @PhoenixConvCtr! to moved been has MST 2PM at AZ Phoenix in rally security Border - BREAKING
things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain other of lots and immigration discussing 10PM @ @seanhannity @FoxNews' &amp; @8pm tonight @AC360 @CNN's on I'm
'congratulatory'”http://t.co/9ZhIKiBqw5 was call RNC “Trump: @JDiamond1: by @CNNPolitics Via
McHugh Katie by @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/wlz13nYels HILLARY’" BEAT WILL I WIN I ‘IF PRIMARY: GOP THE ON TRUMP DONALD — "EXCLUSIVE
http://t.co/QHP8CZpM5q FRONTRUNNER" GOP AS PACK THE LEADS TRUMP DONALD McHugh:"POLL: Katie by @BreitbartNews Via
years. 20 over in level Lowest levels. troop cut to want Now military. our out hollowing are Republicans and Obama
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let's NO! control. parental of out education take can they so Core Common want elites The
https://t.co/k0IxFL6NxK thanks. True
https://t.co/ewjfWYic4c Thanks.
http://t.co/Vd9FaOVcjr both” to threat targeting in Matters Media at leftists with join elites GOP TOTALITARIANS: NEW THE BATTLES “TRUMP
@BreitbartNews via http://t.co/cTnLLwl1z4 SEEN’” NEVER YOU’VE LIKE WAVE ‘CRIME CAUSE WILL PRESIDENCY HILLARY “TRUMP: Via
Devaney Jason by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/894aXjRXDn Immigration'” on Debate Entire the Changed Has 'Trump “@limbaugh:
@Clare_OC down. way circulation Their nonsense? trivial out seek constantly @Forbes like magazine failed a does Why
Tower... Trump at sold Still nothing. means Parlux with deal fragrance Tiny @Forbes: @Clare_OC Dummy
outing... golf small was ESPN ballroom nite 1 was deal NASCAR magazine: @Forbes failing from @Clare_OC Dummy
important… look deals license trivial such make to hard so works magazine @Forbes failing from @Clare_OC writer Dummy
http://t.co/CWx8gA5DTz Trump” Donald About Complaining “Stop @EWErickson: Via
walk! and sanctions reps—increase our than smarter far is He night. last @charlierose on Iran for negotiator chief Watched
end! well doing “nerve" a hit I said minutes ten me called He Priebus. @Reince with call my on reporting false Totally
them? to speech boring a make to $120000 wants he then and wounded severely are they combat into soldiers our sends Bush George mean You
nice! Not vets. wounded severely for charity a at speak to jet private a for $20000 and fee $100000 a on insisted George brother Jeb's
dope! a What years. 35 in field Republican best the is this said @krauthammer pundit political overrated highly that believe you Do
http://t.co/rfWcQ7wcjf Statement” Crime Immigrant Trump On Out Speaks Congregation Hispanic To “Pastor @samsondunn: by @DailyCaller Via
http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK Claim" 'Rapists' Trump's Up Back Reports "Border Graham: Ben by @mrctv Via
http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK time long a for this saying been have I know you As --- @BrentBozell you Thank
http://t.co/lPGSlczakP bad'” 'extremely is and worst' 'the was Clinton Hillary UNLOADS: “TRUMP @hunterw: by @businessinsider Via
http://t.co/eLAVFVs6Zm Defense” Self &amp; Zones Free Gun Weapons Assault Control Gun Talks: Trump “Donald Riehl: Fredy by @Ammoland Via
soon. you meeting to forward Looking disappoint. never I shows history My fairness. your appreciate greatly I @MaraLiasson Dear
all. to hi Say week! this well play importantly more Even @GolfChannel. on morning this support your for you Thank .@natalie_gulbis
appreciated. @GolfChannel—greatly on morning this fair so being for you Thank .@ronsirak
http://t.co/XU36opl7ZL Speech" Free of End the and Trump "Donald @ChrisRuddyNMX: by @Newsmax_Media Via
more! &amp; illegals Discussing crowds. Big Vegas. and Arizona to Then Eastwood. Clint for speech a making weekend this California in be will I
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s boom. business small A country. our of spirit entrepreneurial the restore must We
http://t.co/ATsX4mdcGl So” You Told Trump “See @limbaugh: Via
flops! flip politician-he a is Marco http://t.co/on0rUCv4MG ILLEGALS” HARBORING CITIES SANCTUARY REWARDED HAVE WOULD BILL 8 OF GANG “RUBIO’S
BORDER! THE SECURE http://t.co/7hs5RN8Qb7 star" football teenage gunned-down of mother says Trump' to listened people time READ-"It's MUST
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! great. That's card. credit @Macys their up cutting are people of thousands that hear I Wow!
fast! &amp; stop to it get world--I'll the for ground dumping a become has country Our FOX. on @ericbolling nite last great were U .@AnnCoulter
landslide. a in win we me for vote to them get can I If Romney. Mitt for vote didn’t conservatives many that say rarely People
time! It's back. country our take to got have We
US into pouring immigrants illegal against protest a as card credit @Macys their cutting are they say to called who people the all to Thx
U.S. to core hard their pushing is gov't Mexican the that and ours than smarter are negotiators and leaders Mexican the that simply said I
show! great - right you prove to hard very trying be will I @loudobbsnews you Thank
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s direction. new bold a need We D.C. not Americans for jobs create to time is It
border. the secure never will He http://t.co/p8yFzVuw8w love” of “act an is laws our breaking immigrants illegal says Bush Jeb – Flashback
problems. the solve can't &amp; see doesn't Jeb workers. American for deals trade great negotiate or border our secure never will Bush Jeb
survive. cannot borders without nation A right. am I know They security. border on strong remain who candidates GOP the appreciate I
immigrants. illegal by committed crimes the see to glasses of pair new a needs He me. of critical is he Now border. the at failed Perry Rick
crown-Hypocrite the keep would she said then but immigration illegal about truth the telling for me criticized Vega Paulina Universe Miss
http://t.co/whpR1m7FFz JEB" TO RESPONDS TRUMP ON: "GAME @BreitbartNews: Via
lost! been have NEVER should that Obama against election an lost He Romney. Mitt of support the want candidates Republican would Why
smart! Get Fran. San in father) her of front (in women young beautiful the killed who record a with immigrant undocumented the about What
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE EVERYONE! TO JULY OF 4TH HAPPY
Enjoy! 8:30. at morning this @foxandfriends on be will I
http://t.co/WJ872PRCO5 immigration" illegal of perils shows killing Francisco San "Trump: @teddyschleifer: by @CNNPolitics Via
pic! share Please picture. a wanted and child a like over ran you Fox at you saw I when yet &amp; me of well speak never you .@TheJuanWilliams
US for up Stand border? our secure can't we b/c killed viciously was who CA in Steinle Kathryn of family the to say you do what .@marcorubio
wall! a need We http://t.co/amaV7tqgAR border unsafe our of b/c place taken has murder tragic this that now candidates other the are Where
sad! very Very Steinle. Kathryn of family the to condolences heartfelt My
http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo it. about talk even to guts the has else nobody it fix can that one only the am I unsecure. is border Southern Our
security! border need We situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo disgraceful. absolutely an is This control. of out totally is border Southern Our
http://t.co/Wg3eBcDypo Iowa” in Threat a Trump Make Pockets Deep and Recognition Name “Matchless @JOELMENTUM: by @NRO Via
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let's will. or can pols the of None creator. job a am I fast. them need we &amp; jobs need We
http://t.co/SnV1yXVs4P Way’” American the ‘Not Is Trump Donald Against Action Mayor “NYC @rpollockDC: by @DailyCaller Via
Reagan Ronald President - nation." a not is borders its control cannot that nation "A
begun! just has work the but you Thank candidates. Republican of polls the in 1 number am I that stated just Post Huffington Wow
UP! WAKE trade. and jobs on us killing is Mexico U.S. the of those than smarter and tougher much are negotiators and leaders Mexican
@GovernorPerry anyway! him like I O.K. that's but - border the secure to more far done have could Perry Rick Texas of Governor As
https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG Again! Great America Make Let’s results. get time is It Washington. to competence bring to time is It
sanctions! the Double ineffective. &amp; weak is leadership Our Iran. with deadline self-imposed a missed just again once Obama
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 wall! a build must We core. country’s our at is law of rule the for Respect borders. its enforce must country A
TPP! Stop trade. fair for Time http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn months 9/10 down manufacturing for orders New
http://t.co/mF3OjUMjp3 Offense” On Play “Always @EWErickson: by @RedState Via
business. understand who leaders need We http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn - go goods durable &amp; manufacturing workforce left 432000 report: jobs New
@ASwoyer @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/e0HLxf1dS2 BANGERS’” ‘GANG ARE ILLEGALS SOME ADMITS OBAMA AS IMMIGRATION ON VICTORY DECLARES “TRUMP
http://t.co/5irmxJjPWk Point” A Has Trump Donald “Sorry : @POLITICOMag on @RichLowry by article Great
Bobic Igor by http://t.co/X1YYz7x002 Front-runner" Presidential 2016 A Now Is Trump Donald America! "Congrats Post Huffington Via
http://t.co/ez08iprQH1 Kuhner T. Jeffrey by sale" for not He's Trump: Donald with problem elites' "The Tribune World Via
http://t.co/MdU0pvTThi way!” this treated not she’s and FRAUD a and CROOK a is Clinton Hillary Trump: DEFENDS Levin “Mark @trscoop: Via
@JeffJlpa1 by @AmSpec via http://t.co/EfQk8cbbTR way” other the look suite executive NBC the of bigots The SHARPTON: KEEPS TRUMP FIRES “NBC
@limbaugh via http://t.co/dD53I0PeXw Hell” 'Em Gives “Trump
hypocrites! Terrible profiling? racial for @Macys against brought charges horrible the study somebody doesn’t Why
you! Thank card. credit @Macys their up cutting are they say to calling people many So Interesting. dropped. just stock .@Macys
https://t.co/OcKfUFgSPU agrees- Obama President Even immigration. illegal stop and strong borders our Make
https://t.co/J9bsbc1WEN guy. loyal Very hotel. Vegas Las my in stay his about recently me sent NBC of President the what Look
fine! big Paid place? the over all profile” “racial they when innocence pretend to @Macys is Who
racists? they Are profiling. racial for fines in $650000 paid just but me criticized @Macys that Interesting
didn’t! he again—so ran he if catcher dog elected be couldn’t .@GovernorPataki
again! ran he if swamped been would’ve -- worst the of one NY of governor terrible a was .@GovernorPataki
appreciated! Greatly night. last story &amp; reporting your with fair so being for you Anderson—Thank .@andersoncooper
immigration. illegal stopping &amp; security border on weak are They @Macys. boycott #MakeAmericaGreatAgain to want who those of all For
@Macys. boycott should countries w/other deals trade SMART &amp; immigration illegal stopping security border tight in believe who Those
https://t.co/HLCboRmTbl now!… immigration illegal stop &amp; borders strong have must We -- @macys re: statement recent My
interesting! always 8- at tonight @Oreillyfactor for ready Get
http://t.co/nYL2QQMwKZ Accurate" Are Comments Mexican Controversial Trump's "Donald @THESHARKTANK1: Via
https://t.co/ies96YzSeG #MakeAmericaGreatAgain right. when back fight Always Univision. against lawsuit filed just My
8PM. at tonight @oreillyfactor the on me Watch
#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! http://t.co/vzVHbA1TAr#TCOT soon. you See smart! you're know I now @tedcruz
https://t.co/MVUzSAn6ru Ted. you Thank
FIGHT! trade. and jobs on us killing they're and border the at us killing They're friend. our not is Mexico but people Mexican the love I
WIN! trade. on U.S. killing is Mexico Also country. a have not do we that Without immigration. illegal stop and borders strong have MUST We
https://t.co/BpczGaIGWq NBC- with Relationship on Statement
https://t.co/7SKav05hnA list!… wait the on thousands with minutes in out Sold Chicago. of Club City the at Speaking
Israel"http://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm to comes it when apprentice no is he says Trump "Donald @JacobKamarasJNS: by @JNSworldnews Via
apologized! Univision Remember
@AlWaleedbinT gone! us Without them. of defense our for dollars of billions many States United the paying be should Arabia Saudi
Trump J. Donald Sincerely working. not one’s old your number new your me send Please .@jorgeramosnews
hurt! are contestants U.S.A. Miss money. of lot a for them suing be will I apology. their accept not will I but me to apologized Univision
dead! is it but honor My sell. I because daily cover the on me puts Zuckerman Mort clown dopey by owned tabloid dying the .@NYDailyNews
Univision? by owned Fusion Isn't terrible! Beyond border. the at rape about Post Huff. and Fusion in story See
http://t.co/z8RpCnuGN1 talks” nuclear Iran in beggars’ we’re like look ‘We “Trump: @martinmatishak: by @thehill Via
luncheon. far) (by setting record a for tomorrow Chicago in be Will
http://t.co/mI7j7XDzOY Again! Great America Make &amp; DC to sense common bring can We Dinner. GOP Iowa County Madison @ crowd record Addressing
http://t.co/tdjtvtB6NB MEXICO" VERSUS TRUMP "DONALD @fitsnews: via article read Must
http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc @BreitbartNews you Thank illegals. &amp; border the trade Mexico on truth the out @NolteNCspelling by article great A
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE out getting is word The crowd. setting record a to speech a making tonight Iowa in be I'll
U.S.! the representing negotiators and leader the than cunning more and smarter far are Mexico representing negotiators and leader The
trade! at and border the at us killing is Mexico.Mexico with deals trade good making is States United the that think people stupid very Only
knew! always you actually - "Trump" with on going is what understand to beginning really are you Bill .@billmaher:
option! an not is losing battle a even or war a in are you When
WIN! to important always is It it. take don't - tough be brutal be - back fight unfairly you challenges somebody When
https://t.co/6mauCmg6uO @TrumpDoral Re: - @Univision to Letter
ObamaCare. on Roberts John appointee Bush's unlike thing right the do will appointments judicial my presidency the win I If
government? Mexican the by controlled they Are U.S. the about does it than Mexico about more far cares .@Univision
@Univision. boycott should US the for deals trade good and borders strong wants who Anyone
Remember! hard! him pushed Jeb down. us let has Roberts John Justice Court Supreme appointed Bush the again Once
Mexico. for good only jobs US for bad Really them. with makes stupidly so US the that deals trade unfair the not but Mexico love I
Mexico. with makes U.S. the that deals trade terrible the exposed I because contract @MissUniverse signed of out back to wants Univision
way! no stop- to me get to Univision Forcing deals. trade horrible &amp; situation border terrible about talking me want doesn't gov Mexican
O.K. is he hope I morning. this television on poorly really did Florida of Scott Rick Governor
bad ratings?Too show-no his lose to about is television on people dumber the of one O'Donnell Lawrence pundit political dopey that hear I
happen! can It U.S.A. the of strength true and backbone the once - class middle the cherish and back bring to have We
VETS! our help borders and military our strengthen jobs our back Bring hold. take to beginning is AGAIN GREAT AMERICA MAKE message My
Ivanka! Thanks them. loved she and her loved crowd out sold The Hampshire. New in tonight great did Ivanka daughter My
death! to close is show The clue. a have doesn't who Wallace Nicole than hosts better with herself surround better had .@WhoopiGoldberg
T.V. Dead sleep. to it put just or cast new Get disaster. a are Sims Molly and Wallace Nicole low. really are View The for ratings The
high. are numbers poll "Trump" why get truly they - reporters political as Heilemann John and Halperin Mark respect to beginning really am I
Again! Great America Make NEVER will Bush Bush-but Jeb behind closely place 2nd in alone me has poll @FoxNews nationwide new the out Just
numbers poll high my of told is he when smiles mockingly then and favors for ask to me calls Geist Willie reporter NBC looking Uncomfortable
anyway. it love Didn’t music. background as used songs 10 of one just was World” Free The In “Rockin’ song .@Neilyoung’s
http://t.co/Xm4BJvetIa hypocrite. request—total $$ his and office my in @Neilyoung of photo a is here nonbeliever the For
Wow! concert. his to go to week last me called &amp; deal audio an on $$ for looking office my to came Young Neil ago months few A .@Neilyoung
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! NH Manchester in office campaign our of opening the at today me representing be will Ivanka daughter My
https://t.co/H8ZxLh6NCd you. Thank
Baltimore. destroyed have that Cardin like politicians It's spirit. &amp; jobs needs Baltimore said I that like didn't @SenatorCardin Politician
first. in (Bush) Bust Jeb with Hampshire New in place 2nd in alone am I that announced just poll University Suffolk respected highly The
https://t.co/TzuXN715fQ Maryland- in Dinner Blue and White Red the at Speaking
http://t.co/TqFBtG9PHc ‘ANTI-BUSH’ STATE’S GRANITE AS EMERGES STAR REALITY MOGUL Poll: Hampshire New In Surges Trump @fitsnews:“Donald Via
http://t.co/DCIhNlGmdT Obama'” Is Me for Negotiating Want I'd Person 'Last “Trump: @FoxNewsInsider on interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/Iw6O3qhquR N.H.” in Popularity in Surges “Trump @reidepstein: by @WSJPolitics Via
@CBSNews via http://t.co/uiMCfHmtMU candidacy” of statement files trump “Donald
http://t.co/Cjz7p3hFPX Official” Bid Presidential Makes Trump Donald Doubters ”Defying @emtitus: by @bpolitics Via
https://t.co/DB4q4J2gKn #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Let's FEC. the with Candidacy of Statement my filed I Today
https://t.co/wjffOyAxZM True.
@kimguilfoyle @ericbolling it? see to like you Would me? sent you card you thank beautiful the of copy a released you Have .@DanaPerino
possibilities. your or yourself underestimate Don't leverage. ultimate the is Brainpower Entrepreneurs:
business. good That's personally. things take don't but personable be smart be tough Be Entrepreneurs:
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation Entrepreneurs:
manufacturer! and worker American the Protect POTUS. being for disqualified is it for votes who Senator Any TPA! pass NOT must Senate The
then? POTUS was who Guess http://t.co/R2bpNbRQRX 1990 in bailout payer tax $4M a received Bush Jeb – Flashback
https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j #MakeAmericaGreatAgain us? for negotiating want you do Who
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 dream! American the achieve can everyone sure make Let’s losers. &amp; winners picking stop to government for time It's
soon. you See champion! true a are job--you Great .@JordanSpieth
http://t.co/e16f6FM8uQ Followers" Twitter Fake in Pack the Dominates Clinton "Hillary
https://t.co/l4g1VmXsCn you. Thank
appreciated. words--greatly nice your for you Thank .@deneenborelli
NICE! together. had we run successful and long the for @foxandfriends of folks great the of all and Brian Steve Elizabeth thank to want I
LOVE! prohibits. law and president for running am I because is This Mondays. on A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends doing be longer no will I Sadly
@FoxNews clue! a have doesn't He won! Romney thinks still .@KarlRove
fiasco? Romney his after jerk that fire to going was @FoxNews thought I Amendment. 2nd the repeal to wants he that clearly stated .@KarlRove
pro! total a was Mike @FoxNews. of Wallace Chris son his than manner professional more much a in me covered Wallace Mike great The
conduct! this allow not should @GStephanopoulos Week. This on me discussing when biased and unprofessional so was .@MarthaRaddatz
Karl! week Next papers. file I until candidate a not I'm said race one win didn't and cycle last the in million $430 spent who .@KarlRove
Jobs"http://t.co/kE5pjagvtq American For Up Stands Obamatrade Slams Trump "Exclusive: @ASwoyer: by @BreitbartNews Via
https://t.co/SdrRctSxhu father. loving and wonderful a had I all! to Day Father's Happy
http://t.co/mDKEOW9vrf president" for run his backs resume Trump’s "Donald @JonathonTrugman: by @nypost Via
doubt? little a even there Is Hillary? or Trump Donald etc. China Iran Putin against U.S. the for negotiating have rather you would Who
Again! Great America Make it. get don't Pols world. the for ground dumping a becoming is U.S. The words. nice your for @AnnCoulter you Thank
1 C-SPAN on now right is speech My
travesty? this stop and smart get U.S. the will When border. southern the across coming are killers and rapists dealers drug Druggies
Trump! beats nobody But ours. than smarter FAR are negotiators and leaders their because economically States United the killing is Mexico
U.S. the into pouring over all from people from borders our protect must we but people Mexican of spirit the love and Mexico like I
launched? was book her when (endorsement) tweet a for me beg @DanaPerino did Why
talk. but nothing do who politicians these with on go to continue cannot We leadership. incompetent of crisis major a in is country Our
http://t.co/IonH0WEDEs Congress” of street-hustlers lying on war declares Trump "Donald @CharlesHurt: by @WashTimes Via
business. just personal Nothing better. deals make to times few a laws bankruptcy the used have I transactions &amp; deals of hundreds of Out
bankrupt! went they says nobody Zell—but Black Icahn tool. business a as laws bankruptcy the used has dealmaker major every Almost
tool. business used commonly &amp; effective very a It’s deals. better make to order in bankruptcy into them put immediately &amp; deals buy People
advantage—smart! corporate to laws the used have people business great many like but bankrupt went never I bankrupt. went I saying Stop
https://t.co/kgmQ2jVF6b #TrumpVlog low. new reaches Clinton Hillary
Again! Great America way—Make every in right it called I Iraq? on wrong totally so being for apologized ever @krauthammer Charles Has
Dummy. nothing! got we &amp; -- lost lives of thousands trillion $2 fool. Iraq big a was Will George
dope! total wrong—a often &amp; boring he’s because attend didn’t I ago. years Mar-a-Lago at spoke Will George pundit political Goofy
apologizing Stop @msnbc. at over all start not and life new a with on get should Brian sad! very - @TODAYshow on Williams Brian watched Just
http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk skyline. Philly the of views with Fazio Tom by designed as acres beautiful 360 Philadelphia Club Golf Nat'l Trump
http://t.co/ZVftDka774 interview! great - @Morning_Joe on appearance my Watch
all. to condolences deepest My incomprehensible. is Carolina South in tragedy The
http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH "Sixteen" restaurant signature our &amp; service design for accolades received has Chicago Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
https://t.co/cTB9G0sAl0 you. Thank
https://t.co/HfdDwzjOf0 #FITN candidacy! my declaring since State Granite to visit first My @MCC_CT. patriots great to Speaking
https://t.co/qTMiYoR9wu #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hampshire. New to Heading
https://t.co/Y5Wq9LuCT0 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain America. rebuild to experience with someone need We
die! it Let gravitas. zero has &amp; fortune Loses @NYDailyNews. the buy would fool a Only
https://t.co/SQ6LsNZ6UC family great your &amp; you with soon York New in pizza have Sarah--Let's you Thank
Monica. you Thank points! Great interview. @BillOreilly my of analysis @MonicaCrowley's watching Enjoyed
work. great the up Keep @ApprenticeNBC! on amazing been have would you doubt additionno in @ericbolling
@GregGutfeldShow show. your did I glad I’m nice! Really @greggutfeld. Thanks
forgotten. be not Will Iowa. to flight my on you watched @ericbolling
house! Packed now. Iowa In forgotten! be not Will @TheFive. on today words nice your for much so you Thank @kimguilfoyle Dear
https://t.co/gonTk0o9Dt speech- full my of video the Watch States. United the of President for candidacy my declared officially I Today
https://t.co/phUbaTvq8d Eric. Thanks
https://t.co/JguVmqXqWA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/Ct0lNu7kz0 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain States. United the of President for running officially am I
https://t.co/XW3PqHemNq #MakeAmericaGreatAgain announcement! Major #Periscope: on LIVE
https://t.co/APfc0PThCP champion. a you're Geraldo Thanks
https://t.co/445bOdp6QY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 11AM
11AM. at announcement my streaming be will I @periscopeco. on me follow to sure Make
https://t.co/kYOHIpBzan Periscope! on live it Watch Tower. Trump from announcement major a making be will I hour one In
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain @periscopeco on me follow to sure Make
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain media! social on Follow 11AM. at @TrumpTowerNY from announcement major a making be will I time. almost is It
https://t.co/eZfgrOy1Hn Thanks.
back. us bring never can they - action no and talk all are Politicians AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - today U.S. in time Big
https://t.co/sbUVyBG6KE them. of enough had have we House--- White the in Bush another need really we Do
https://t.co/U7G3tR4nFS Great!
https://t.co/feCMQ53SwE Thanks.
https://t.co/5Zc3D8YLNs thanks. do Will
https://t.co/8O3eTKjZrd Great!
https://t.co/qh8TxiZPlX Thanks.
https://t.co/H8lRtZBGEb #Periscope on LIVE
https://t.co/pDMndTOVvc #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 11AM at Tomorrow
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE America. for day big really a be will Tomorrow
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE turnaround. complete a do to country our for day big a be will Tuesday
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
donors &amp; lobbyists by Controlled AGAIN! GREAT COUNTRY OUR MAKE to able be never will they - action no and talk all are politicians Remember
Tower! World Trump under right speech her made Hillary that happy really am I
https://t.co/smmV2DM1sq you. Thank
https://t.co/VsKy1KD3dY you. Thank
https://t.co/AR4Ugjru9t deal! pass--bad not Should
https://t.co/R1YuKaA8B8 Thanks.
https://t.co/EUpOjm2WvT you. Thank
https://t.co/KBA4S0xlrv True!
Emerson Waldo Ralph -- trail. a leave and path no is there where instead go lead may path the where go not Do Entrepreneurs:
clear. made be will unnecessary what's and necessary what's Do patterns. fixed on not goals your on Focus Entrepreneurs:
best. your done you’ve that or already all it done you’ve think ever Don’t short. yourself sell Don’t Entrepreneurs:
negative. the to blind being without positive the Accentuate reality. as well as ideals your on eyes your Keep Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/kvQ5Z29BW7 relax to men for places best the of one @TrumpDoral spa the named @Miamimagazine gift? Day Father's for Looking
https://t.co/gMaAhxP2yb you. Thank
https://t.co/u4j2avDT65 Thanks.
https://t.co/xKLoLR7wXh you. Thank
https://t.co/fOan05rD1P you. Thank
https://t.co/nCOUYoClDN is. There
https://t.co/i6SFQgtxYl down. you let won't I &amp; Thanks
https://t.co/tfBCPYAmLC Thanks.
https://t.co/hr70LTvw4y thanks. Great
https://t.co/b49iaYvTYz you. Thank
https://t.co/KWu2BtJ8WL @TrumpFerryPoint Point Ferry at Links Golf Trump Video:
http://t.co/emL8GvIPln @TripAdvisor from Award Choice Traveler's 2015 the winning for @TrumpPanama to Congratulations
http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7 Chicago." in Rooms Dining Private "Best of list your in @TrumpChicago featuring for @CrainsChicago you Thank
intact. focus your Keep direction. right the in you taking are they sure make and regularly habits work your Review Entrepreneurs:
attitude. empowering very a It’s yourself. for responsibility Take Entrepreneurs:
be. to meant were you places the to you bring will path—it own your Follow Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/YM8JQagPBq @TandCmag: in seen as program #wellness their with foot right the on summer the starting really is @TrumpNewYork Our
http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7 Chicago." in Rooms Dining Private "Best of list your in @TrumpChicago featuring for @CrainsChicago you Thank
https://t.co/iLMv2vOez7 you. Thank
http://t.co/05E6lQO9NL Matthews Chris with Hardball Via
http://t.co/lEWIE55RMO clubhouse” new gets “@TrumpScotland @TheTodaysGolfer Via
Trump" on betting am I @deedeegop Sorvino Dee "Dee
http://t.co/IHwSRd0hXm Times York New the Via
http://t.co/dJh9TeL6TT NH” in Hopefuls GOP Among Surges Trump “Poll: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H Perfection! Georges. Jean restaurant signature our &amp; views Park Central includes York New Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46 time. all of Championships Open greatest the of four to home place--and spectacular a is Turnberry Trump
http://t.co/4Mtfx9J044 status” top-tier into Trump Poll: Hampshire “New @GravisMarketing: Via
http://t.co/gdRpkRwySd Again! Great America Make to ready getting are We released! poll NH Amazing
http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc Peninsula. Verdes Palos the on Ocean Pacific the fronting holes 18 offers Angeles Los Club Golf National Trump
candidates. GOP the of any of far by crowds biggest the Had reception. Unbelievable night! last speech keynote #NCGOPConvention doing Loved
Europe. from ET 7AM at tomorrow live @foxandfriends doing be Will
@TrumpTowerNY! announcement 16th June the for ready Getting deals. up close to Europe in places other &amp; Ireland Scotland to Going
http://t.co/5dt2G7haSy bid" presidential announces but all Trump Donald Raleigh "In @RaleighReporter: by @newsobserver Via
before!" ever than stronger and better back Dream American the bring to need "We said I when #NCGOPCon at ovation standing a received Just
office." in were I if me control would interest special No donors! and lobbyists to beholden not "I'm that #NCGOPCon at said Just
Trump!" like wall a build can nobody knows here everyone think I &amp; border our protect to have "we that #NCGOPcon at point the made Just
Again! Great America Make can we so might I President-- for run may I why me ask "People said I when #NCGOPcon at applause received Just
forward!" move to results and action need We it! of tired all are we and action no and talk all are "politicians that #NCGOPcon at said Just
negotiators." intelligent really need we US the for fair be trade free have "to said I when #NCGOPcon at applause standing a Received
free! for here speaking be to am I 650 of crowd record the Told speaker. paid highest country's the as #NCGOPcon at Introduced Just
crowd! out sold - speech keynote make to Carolina North to Going
Schlafly Phyllis - Congress.” by restraint of need in badly is judiciary runaway “Our
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s it! do to time It's families. their &amp; vets our for care to duty a has nation Our
local! education Keep education. of grab federal a is It curriculums. local &amp; state controlling from Core Common stop must We
respect. No this?! with away get China let leaders our do Why information. workers’ gov. stole &amp; government federal our hacked just China
http://t.co/fEUEN6C1Yo back” dream American bring We'll “Trump: @GGMaryP: by @globegazette Via
@janestreet by @msnbc via http://t.co/gqkXdWoN26 2016” on mind my up made I’ve Trump: “Donald
#GettingReal enjoy! &amp; it Get gets. it as real as is Real” “Getting hope. &amp; perseverance of example powerful a is memoir .@GretchenCarlson's
party! state top a is @NCGOP night! tomorrow dinner #NCGOPcon @NCGOP the keynoting to forward Looking
http://t.co/U96iaagHlD Coralville” in residents veterans to speaks Trump “Donald @BylineAndyDavis: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46 time.. all of Championships Open greatest the of four to home -- Scotland Turnberry Club Golf International Trump
again! great America Make talk. all are Pols happening. is big Something speeches. both at crowds Record people. yesterday-great Iowa in Was
NOTHING! got U.S. wasted. dollars of trillions and lives Many Iraq. in war crazy the pressed constantly @krauthammer pundit political Dummy
clown! overrated An shows. Fox many too on is who dummy A isn't. he record his at look you if but guy smart a be to pretends .@krauthammer
facts knowing without speaks who clown overrated totally A @krauthammer. is television on pundits political boring most and worst the of One
http://t.co/hOqGwzrLBA Again! Great America Make can We back! Dream American the bring to want also who City Mason in patriots great With
https://t.co/8vsdgAJSEf before! ever than better and back Dream American the bring to promising after ovation Standing
https://t.co/GXinb8lPGa supporters! 400 over of crowd record the to Thanks Iowa! City Mason in only room Standing
http://t.co/lQp890xz7z Coralville” in stops Trump “Donald @markwcarlson: by @KCRG Via
http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk course--fantastic! designed Fazio Tom winning award an and beauty acre 360 a is Philadelphia Club Golf Nat'l Trump
good. some do will it where earth to down it bring and work the do focus you until vision remains Vision Entrepreneurs:
flexible. Be opportunity. an as conflict any View from. coming they're where Know wants. side other the what about Think Negotiation: Re
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation Entrepreneurs:
@Patriots @SuperBowl Brady Tom – often.” very hit get don't you because time long a for play can you quarterback a for “Fortunately
sanctions! DOUBLE must We 20%. by fuel nuclear its increased &amp; cheated Iran ago months 18 sanctions lifted Obama while predicted I as Just
party! state Conservative strong a is @NCGOP dinner! Saturday’s of Keynote the as Convention State @NCGOP the to returning be to Excited
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 direction! new bold a for time It’s dream. American the discouraging are overregulation and tape red Bureaucratic
http://t.co/sEM5NaysV7 clubhouse” @TurnberryBuzz Trump unveil to in jet to “Trump @CarrGaz: Via
http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH year! this State Hawkeye the in day 8th my be Will tomorrow. Iowa City Mason visiting to forward Looking
Jeter Derek – wrong.” them prove to harder work me makes It me. doubt people when it love “I
trade! smart for Time deal. bad a is This overseas. jobs more even send &amp; deficits trade our increase will Partnership Trans-Pacific The
https://t.co/dR4gV4vUHe fortune! a me cost they speeches- political for this get don't I bad Too
http://t.co/cRZvjkkwY7 techniques healing &amp; botanicals Hawaiian traditional use that treatments unique offers @TrumpWaikiki Spa The
boss? the Who's problems. your than bigger be to resolve and high bar the Set Entrepreneurs:
choice. healthy a is it acknowledging and ego an Having surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's Entrepreneurs:
it! for go &amp; there out Get beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers Entrepreneurs:
Washington George - abandon” will never I which guide the is Constitution “The
http://t.co/osMVxnwxS8 2015. October off. square will Champions Major 4 all where @PGAGrandSlam hosting be to proud is .@TrumpGolfLA
http://t.co/fpYTPAInv0 Mexico” And U.S. Between Wall a Build to Wants Trump “Donald Dareing: Melody by @G_Liberty_Voice Via
http://t.co/pxCk9qSx7g House” White wins he if Christians' of representative 'greatest the be to vows Trump “Donald @ChristianToday: Via
that! do never Would name. last phony his for Stewart Jon dopey attacked never I others unlike that admit must losers &amp; haters the All
bad! Too humor. clown dumb his &amp; him miss will haters and losers some overrated totally and bright very not joke a is Stewart Jon While
https://t.co/jYqz5rKooJ 16th- June
http://t.co/Wdl4pd8Y10 menu new @cheflents’s Chef Executive offers @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago’s @ForbesInspector by Stars 5 Awarded
ways)! all (in bomb real a was effort last His filmmaker. bad a is Stewart Jon dummy forgotten conveniently have that you of those For
fast. out Fading is! he dopes convinces but smart Not talent. no with wiseguy A television. on joke overrated most the is Stewart Jon
ENJOY! A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
ways)! all (in bomb real a was effort last His filmmaker. bad a is Stewart Jon dummy fotgotten conveniently have that you of those For
guy! great once him Met Beau. son wonderful his of loss the on condolences warmest my Biden President Vice offer to like would I
that! do never Would name. last phony his for Stewart Jon dopey attacked never I others unlike that admit must losers and haters the All
bad! Too humor. clown dumb his and him miss will haters and losers some overrated totally and bright very not joke a is Stewart Jon While
fast. out Fading is! he dopes convinces but smart Not talent. no with wiseguy A television. on joke overrated most the is Stewart Jon
fix. can I Only SO! YOU TOLD I worse. getting and - quarter 1st. in 0.7% down PRODUCT DOMESTIC GROSS bad! really is economy the Wow
Lombardi Vince - confidence.” of lack is So contagious. is “Confidence
http://t.co/CpDo1mPaHm Bronx” the in Gem New “@TrumpFerryPoint: Board: Editorial Post by @nypost Via ICYMI
http://t.co/CkFeSe3xiH Offerings” Summer Sizzling Debuts York New “@TrumpSoHo @paramuspost: Via
@KCHA via http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH 4th” June City Mason In Be To Trump “Donald
@rubendiazjr - line.” finish the to it got Trump Donald and years for on working been we’ve something was “@TrumpFerryPoint
Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV miles. 2.5 for Ocean Atlantic the fronts &amp; acres beautiful 400 on is Ireland Hotel &amp; Links Golf Int'l Trump
innovative! Be ideas. new to open Be exist? yet not does that provide I can What yourself: Ask Entrepreneurs:
example. the setting are you that remembering by yourself as well as others motivate can You example. the Set Entrepreneurs:
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without going. momentum keep--your Get--and Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/F64qOBW4zv ! Advice Brilliant #MakingTheCase. book @kimguilfoyle's read life &amp; politics in success 4 reading Required
https://t.co/dvZIzdtuSE video- the Watch @TrumpFerryPoint. great the of opening grand the at @jacknicklaus with time fantastic a had I
@jack_welch - be.” to it wish you as or was it as not is it as reality “Face
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s done. it get can We us! for work they reminded be to politicians for time It’s
solution! market free with Replace &amp; Repeal economy. for Terrible http://t.co/BdBnj4hm99 51% as high as jump could premiums ObamaCare
education. local on Focus expanded. not disbanded be should Education of Department curriculum. school of takeover federal a is Core Common
http://t.co/RbpJsMDE2M Seriously” Trump “Taking Unwell: Malcolm by @AmericanThinker Via
Libutti Renée by @Vegascom via http://t.co/pRzzlV2u0J @TrumpLasVegas” at Spa The in time face some “Get
http://t.co/1d4mPmJFaa Again! Great America Making &amp; ISIS to ground losing Obama ISIS defeat to how on @FoxNews on int. @greta My
http://t.co/3tTIu2lnNE Again'” Great America Make Must 'We Trump: “Donald @TheBrodyFile: by @CBNNews Via
accomplish! finally you what by but undertake you much how by not measured you're end the In
Trump" Donald mediocrity." for destined is do they thinks who Anyone yourself. all it know can't You learn. and listen "Watch
again! great America make NEVER will They Iraq. on question simple answer couldn't Rubio and Bush action. no and talk all are Politicians
Trump Mary -- yourself." to true be and God in "Trust mother: my from advice Good
Trump C. Fred -- doing." you're what about can you everything "Know father: my from advice Good
@NYPost_Willis by @nypost via http://t.co/VmcJZAO065 @TrumpFerryPoint” of opening grand official at elated “@jacknicklaus
Again! Great America Make Let’s same. the do to gov't US the for Time interests. best your in are that decisions make you business In
Nicklaus Jack -- situation. the what matter no up give to never quit to never Resolve
http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M golf championship &amp; dining world-class accommodations luxurious boasts @TrumpDoral acres Miami pristine 800 On
LIFE. IN ALSO TRUE IS THIS muscles!" your in brains puts "Practice Snead: Sam golfer great late the from quote A
about! talk to much So tomorrow. interview @greta doing be Will
job! Good read. great a is Hellhole"-- World Third a into Country Our Turn to Plan Left's The America! "Adios book-- new .@AnnCoulter's
@serenawilliams - hard.” work and it to stick just you if true come can dream “Everyone's
attribute. an often is stubborn Being way. long a go can persistence that Realize Entrepreneurs:
challenge. the Enjoy exercise. mind a are Problems Entrepreneurs:
problem. the not solution the at victorious--look as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
Commander-in-Chief. be to unqualified are they then Iraq invaded have should still we today know we what with that believes candidate any If
Ford Henry -- right. are can't---you you think or can you think you Whether
https://t.co/GUKHHTBuSI honor. My
"D" job Great course. treasure) NYC future (but delayed long this of opening official the for Point Ferry at Links Trump to going be will I
care! don't it.They about anything do to unable are politicians incompetent our and country this in poor new the become has middle-class The
A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
Day! Memorial enjoyable and happy truly a many) are there sadly which (of losers and haters all including everyone wish to like would I
again! great truly be to needs it where country our get never will They action. no and talk all - do I like politicians understands Nobody
BIG! think well as might you so anyway thinking be to going are You BIG! Think
bad! Too Why? interview. taped the of out it cut she and issue certain a on views identical had I and @oreillyfactor that @megynkelly told I
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s Washington. change to need just We growth. and opportunity creates America strong A
finest. country’s our are They freedom. for sacrifice greatest the made have who soldiers fallen our honor we holiday Day Memorial this On
Twain Mark – it.” deserves it when government your and time the all country your supporting is “Patriotism
http://t.co/XovcybFo0P me. joining be will Nicklaus Jack AM. 11 at 26th May Tuesday next Opening Grand Point: Ferry at Links Golf Trump
speech @SRQRepublicans my of line last - again." great be will country our win I if and run I "If
speech @SRQRepublicans my - politician." any with comeback a have to going not is country "Our
happy... very be to going are They speech! @SRQRepublicans my my during RUN!" TRUMP "RUN chanting Audience
speech @SRQRepublicans my - beginning." very the from Iraq invade don't said "I
speech @SRQRepublicans my - does." else Nobody from. money the get to where know I cuts. any without Security Social save to going am "I
http://t.co/8UHtf2Pv7L 2016" Talks And Washington to Goes Trump "Mr. @rickklein: &amp; @ajdukakis by @ABCPolitics Via
speech @SRQRepublicans my - here!" jobs keep to need We too. Republicans stupid have We stupid. are They TPP. support Republicans "Many
speech @SRQRepublicans - it." have don't they b/c country our killing are politicians our And art. an is It talent. true a is "Negotiation
speech @SRQRepublicans my - released." not is pastor American the if Iran on sanctions the triple would "I
speech @SRQRepublicans my - country." our for deals great make would I do. I what That's deals. good make "I
crowd. record with out sold is speech @SRQRepublicans Afghanistan! to back sent be should Berghdal said I when applause huge received Just
speech. @SRQRepublicans my - schedule?!" of ahead and budget under border the on wall a build could government our if nice be it "Wouldn't
http://t.co/hQW42Pdgxs out sell 2000+ record A @SRQRepublicans. by tonight award Year the of Statesman 2015 receiving to forward Looking
for. strive to situation ideal the it's and possibility a is This wins. everyone negotiations best the In Entrepreneurs:
either. will else one no don't you If yourself. in Believe Entrepreneurs:
effort. concentrated your of 100% than less nothing requires successful Being focused. totally Be Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/sWFmZzayM2 course yard 7291 a offering club elite most Westchester’s is @TrumpNationalNY Manhattan from minutes 30 Just
http://t.co/qvcO49KILl Trump?” Donald for Enough Big House White the “Is @rebeccagberg: by @RealClearNews Via
http://t.co/9IVM6G9gAE Rink” Wollman the budget under and schedule of ahead finished Trump Donald when grateful were “NYers Flashback:
@JoeMontana - start.” to prepared be "Always
http://t.co/wFIL90xE0q again” once showcase a Doral Trump's make “Renovations Silk: Robert by @TWtravelnews Via
http://t.co/yxwndtPHbJ" p... for runs he if says Trump Iowa—Donald MOINES DES Entitlements: Your Touch Won’t Trump Donald Why
Congrats! true! so and excellent is book New .@KirstenPowers
https://t.co/6DI8mZtjGg Wall- Facebook The Signing
https://t.co/5Zv7GQ5VKq NY. Facebook visiting today time great a had I
enjoy! and Watch now. Fox on be Will .@megynkelly
@FoxNews! on watch to sure Be tonight. File Kelly The @megynkelly's on interviewed be will I
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s Washington. fix can we Together potential. tremendous has country Our
hard! ISIS hit to need We beheaded. being Christians the to that Tell 'success.' a is strategy ISIS its claimed House White the Yesterday
http://t.co/NDOhUQwIRi Freedom &amp; Liberty Religious &amp; East Middle the in Christians of persecution the discussing int. @TheBrodyFile My
http://t.co/G0m5cYcCgk Mexico from costs deduct &amp; Border Southern our secure to wall a build would I how on Iowa from int. @TheBrodyFile My
wait! attendees-Can't 2000+ record A Thursday. this @SRQRepublicans by Year’ the of Statesman ‘2015 the awarded being to forward Looking
http://t.co/nJ05V6RD0J @GaRepublicans” to Message Sends Trump “Donald @zpolitics: Via
http://t.co/XovcybFo0P Manhattan from minutes just course hole 18 Design Signature Nicklaus Jack a is Point Ferry at Links Golf Trump
http://t.co/vLVsxBPGdS today- NY @facebook at seconds sixty in possible as questions many as answering time great a had I
economy! the destroyed totally it when Brothers Lehman horrendous the of partner managing a was he Kasich- about know don’t people What
imagination! no pol- Typical Again”. Great America “Make line my using is run- to desperate is who Ohio- from Kasich John see now I
Brady Tom love We something. get least at to deal a making without decision NFL the appeal to not agreed Kraft Bob friend my way no is There
http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI" CHOICES THE RETHINK TO TIME #TRUMP2016 @realDonaldTrump "@not_that_actor: YOU! THANK TRUE. SO AND NICE SO WOW
https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv" #Golf @realDonaldTrump from changes course Ailsa Turnberry Amazing "@PrivateCaddie: BEAUTIFUL! TRULY - WATCH MUST A
http://t.co/zGr7jLhj5B veterans! &amp; military our for caring people Tremendous Fellows. Caregiver @DoleFoundation &amp; Dole Elizabeth Sen. With
http://t.co/Stq7jiomjr fantastic! be to going are views the -- Uruguay Este del Punta – @trumptowerpde at progress Incredible
Truman S. Harry – destiny.” into grow deeds fate of seed the are “Actions
rules. the makes gold the has who he -- negotiating of rule golden the Remember Entrepreneurs:
count. work your Make with. associated be to proud be will you what on Work Entrepreneurs:
business. good That's personally. things take don't but -- personable be smart be tough Be Entrepreneurs:
worker! American the protect to need We stopped. be must It join. to backdoor a has China &amp; manipulation currency Japan’s stop not does TPP
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s cards. the all hold we – tough get to time It's military. China’s finances debt Our
http://t.co/nnIorV7czN President” If Outsourcing End Will Trump “Donald @_under_current: by @HuffPostPol Via
http://t.co/IkZUvaeCti vision. great called It's Invasion” Iraq Over Bush 'Fire' Would Trump “Donald 2004: from @Reuters via FLASHBACK
@SmiloTweets by @thehill via http://t.co/tEmQD0xQY5 jobs” of thousands of tens created I “Trump:
too! Libya invaded have would he Guess http://t.co/9b4goLdxTO Benghazi?! of anniversary year 1 the on medal a Hillary gave Jeb when Remember
http://t.co/q09RkCGitz Monster Blue famous the including courses unique 4 to home is @TrumpDoral @CadillacChamp &amp; @PGATOUR the of Host
guy. terrific a is and TV great makes Greg show! @FoxNews new his on @greggutfeld to Congrats
@TrumpGolf https://t.co/V5dV6FKZeS place! great a .@TrumpNationalNY-
http://t.co/GSj6NtQJWH big” think well as might you anything thinking be to going you’re “If poster: Trump &amp; Cup Stanley re Ebner David Via
@DesMoines place! the love agree--I I and Congrats city. large any of (76.5) pride community highest the has Iowa Moines Des finds Gallup
clueless! looked He mistake." a not "was Iraq Said show. Wallace Chris on doing was he what idea no had Rubio Marco
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE U.S.A. the for news good much not but about talk to much So A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
waste. a Such it. after going originally in died soldiers great our of many So Iraq. in Ramadi of City the taken just has ISIS Wow
pols phony Typical friendship. great their of talking each with other each "love" to pretending Bush Jeb and Rubio Marco see I when laugh I
Jeb as clueless as was Iraq.He invading our concerning @FoxNews Wallace Chris with interview an in today disaster complete a was Rubio Marco
material! presidential confused.Not so is Iraq.He invaded have should we not or whether on days four in answers different five gave Bush Jeb
Again! Great America Make Let's http://t.co/hlregvFFJc overseas” from jobs back Bring @brianneDMR:“Trump: by @DMRegister Via
all! you love I members! service military our to you Thank day. forces armed is Today
http://t.co/3HXOYFNcFa Again! Great America Make Let's intro! Clovis Sam after @MorningsideEdu house packed in ovation standing a Received
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE out! sold all - crowds big speeches Many PEOPLE! fantastic STATE great today Iowa in am I
http://t.co/ofhxzCGOGc 1:30PM! at tomorrow Summit Action Security National Iowa @securefreedom @frankgaffney’s at speaking be to Excited
http://t.co/zZkh5C5cG0 Well" Doing and — Running Really Is Trump Donald Reasons "14 @Newsmax_Media: Via
Again! Great America Make Let’s CT! 10AM at City Sioux in @MorningsideEdu at tomorrow Clovis Sam by interviewed being to forward Looking
http://t.co/oYkfeXAPld Filter" A Of Lack Refreshing Trump’s @TaylahhKane:"Donald by @fitsnews Via
http://t.co/Hgp2LW9Ucj decision” a to closer inches “Trump @tuohy: by @UnionLeader Via
now! Leaving http://t.co/rwhijBdYvj tonight! Dinner Lincoln/Reagan Party Republican County Pottawattamie sold-out the of keynote to Excited
CHAMP! Apprentice first as you of proud am I and winner total a are you - @foxandfriends on morning this job fantastic Bill .@BillRancic
worse. even look him made which corrections numerous his then and Iraq on answer insane his with looks Bush Jeb bad how believe cannot I
https://t.co/jrJHEDIs7G Iraq" about wrong is Bush Jeb says Trump "Donald ChrisCassidy_BH: @ by @bostonherald Via
http://t.co/nT7zundGmV Ocean Atlantic the fronting resort star 5 a is Doonbeg) at Lodge The (formerly Ireland Links Golf &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
Wooden John – be” might change to failure but fatal isn’t “Failure
AGAIN! GREAT COUNTRY OUR MAKE NEVER WILL POLS - change real want People crowds. out sold all Hampshire New to Going
fun! having not is he this doing be to want doesn't just he --- warrior reluctant the Bush Jeb call I
@nfl $. of lots make and Tom them Sue Brady? Tom against not” than probable “more statement conviction legal a of heard ever Who
win. will he him--and against case the drop will They defamation. &amp; incompetence for @nfl the of out hell the sues Brady Tom hope I
B.S.! Brady. Tom targeted @nfl EVIDENCE NO with Yet suspended. be not and charges murder with player @nfl an be can You
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s Deal. The of Art The knows one deals.Only trade smart negotiate who Leaders Needed:
Again! Great America Make Let’s hosting! for @straffordnhgop? to Thanks School! Middle Barrington NH the in 5PM at tomorrow Townhall Huge
#TCOT #GunRights US! the in manufacturers gun top the of One tomorrow! headquarters world @sigsauerinc the touring to forward Looking
topics. #FITN discussing &amp; friends new making to forward Looking Group! International Two the at tomorrow me hosting for @renee2i Thanks
@businessinsider via http://t.co/hAPdiolDbU it" using from Republicans other stop to like would &amp; slogan Reagan trademarked Trump "Donald
http://t.co/kWvbk5HtDr Again” Great America Make Card: Trump “The @Forbes: by @swan_investor Via
U.S.A. be Should schedule. of ahead and budget under is D.C. in Avenue Pennsylvania on Office Post Old The of conversion hotel major My
ENOUGH politicians stupid our Tell U.S.A.! the rebuild to Time HELL. to going is country own our while countries other rebuilding are We
clue! a have don't They build. can't candidates Republican build. can't Hillary built. I've what at look just builder BEST the am I
better &amp; pols of 20% for fix can apart.I falling all - grid electric bridges tunnels airports roads Our beginning. the just WRECK TRAIN
all! control donors &amp; lobbyists The hell. to going is that stock laughing a is country Our action. NO and talk all are politicians Remember
talk! to how know only pols build to how know I bridges. airports roads - me is country our of infrastructure the fix to one only The
solve! can't Pols problems. infrastructure horrible has country Our badly. some hurt -many derails train Philadelphia near crash Amtrak
again over all war Iraq disastrous the do would he Said time. big him cost should - @megynkelly with interview his blew really Bush Jeb
https://t.co/Qy1J7TilAu Again! Great America Making &amp; State Granite the Clinton Hillary Brady Tom on interview @bostonherald My
@JaclynCashman by @bostonherald via http://t.co/8LCMa58P7P serious” get to starting Trump Donald strong “Polling
http://t.co/YPz4io6WJJ TRADE! SMART need We economy! &amp; worker American for deal Bad Senate. the in failed Partnership Trans-Pacific the Glad
http://t.co/g5KG6YQZnj Hotel” Intl Trump New DC's to Restaurant Zakarian Geoffrey a National" "The Brings “Streetsense @PRNewswire Via
http://t.co/JRZEhq1dPQ BEST’” ME ‘LIKE PEOPLE MIDDLE-INCOME ME’–POOR LIKE DON’T PEOPLE ‘RICH TRUMP: “DONALD @BreitbartNews: Via
Edison Thomas -- waits." he while hustles who him to comes "Everything
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look Entrepreneurs:
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking &amp; possibilities and opportunites always are There mind. in picture big the Keep Entrepreneurs:
it. at successful be to doing you're what love to have You passionate. Be Entrepreneurs:
Again!http://t.co/toq7Ddalco Great America Make to time it's Reagan Like supporters. earliest Reagan's Ronald of one be to proud was I
https://t.co/27fGVFn9pz #TrumpVlog Tom! them Sue
billion! $1 than less Worth it. touched who everyone for luck bad been has AOL billion. $4.4 for AOL buy to Verizon for deal STUPID a What
numbers poll my hates Moron @TheFix. Post Washington the of Cillizza Chris is pundits political the of respected least and dumber the of One
STUPID! alone? losers the leaving time same the at while country this in winners and champions true our destroy to try always we do Why
this! so field the on him beat can't evidence.They the on based convict could court No Patriots. the and Brady Tom of jealous so are People
leadership! Great Obama. with meet even to refuses King the now and Arabia Saudi protecting dollars of billions spend we imagine you Can
unfair! Very Tom? should why Emails produce to have doesn't Hillary If #patriots. or Brady Tom against proof definitive no had They
Reagan Ronald President – lives.” their run not people the protect to is duty first "Government's
pressure. under delivers who competitor tough a is Lebron yesterday. @KingJames by shot Great
Roosevelt Theodore - are.” you where have you what with can you what “Do
minutes. 5 in .@foxandfriends
heart! the From weekend. the over speech commencement wonderful a gave Washington Denzel
Open. U.S. The at luck Good hell! to go can critics jealous your Finally yesterday. Players The winning in @RickieFowlerPGA by job great A
about! talk to Plenty morning. this 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
PENALTY! DEATH animals. deranged two by Mississippi in down gunned officers police young two the of favor in protests no are there come How
https://t.co/WvH2GwxG99 there! out mothers great the all to #MothersDay Happy
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE - Carolina South in ovations standing crowds Big
villagers! starving &amp; poor the to animals give &amp; safaris on go They @NRA. marksmen &amp; hunters expert been long have Don &amp; Eric sons two My
fast! way long a come has He politics. talking when especially Fox on job good really a doing is .@tuckercarlson
AGAIN! GREAT COUNTRY OUR MAKE to how about speech a make to now CAROLINA SOUTH OF STATE GREAT the for Leaving
champions! like played - tonight winning of job great a did .@nyrangers
work! great the up keep and @ASavageNation you Thank
@ericbolling tonight job Great
https://t.co/VFP8GBIPEx #TrumpAdvice
@JoelOsteen - test.” the passing are you that do you When hard. it's when even thing right the do and attitude good a “Keep
win! &amp; process the know I issues. many involve which transactions multi-faceted are deals My world. the throughout w/politicians dealt I've
@Patriots winner! total a and friend my is He ball. soccer a throwing was he if won have would Brady Tom
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s enemies. our by feared &amp; allies our by respected us makes military strong A
http://t.co/BKmpUT9y8R OBAMATRADE” REBUKES DONALD’ “’THE Folks: Will by @fitsnews Via
@SethMcLaughlin1 by @WashTimes via http://t.co/QPbkOEhijj bid” House White 2016 about serious Trump Donald suggest hirings “Iowa
http://t.co/sB2ZogQUcz Authority” Trade Fast-Track Obama Give Don't Trump: “Donald by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/QHqsF90sk6 Organization Trump for Dhabi” Abu in projects new eyes “@IvankaTrump @ArabianBusiness: Via
work! Great piece. the loved and saw people many So morning. this @foxandfriends on you with being great was It .@kilmeade
https://t.co/ivJzZVTUfn @muhammadali friend my With #TBT
will. I Medicaid. &amp; Medicare Security Social cut to not as so funds the in bring to able be never will but guy nice a is Huckabee
me. copied Huckabee Medicaid. &amp; Medicare Security Social to cuts no be will there state to candidate GOP potential only &amp; first the was I
Again! Great America Make can who one only the am I why see will you and debates primary the all in be will I run I If
AGAIN! GREAT COUNTRY OUR MAKE to order in again rich country our make to have We fast. and - deals great needs States United The
all. to hi Say thinking! are people most what stated beautifully You morning. this @foxandfriends on job Great .@Franklin_Graham:
https://t.co/Fox2rHNxHa #TrumpAdvice
http://t.co/K5dG5hCBuO. Deal’” Bad Bad ‘A Ads: Radio In Pact Trade Obama Blast To Trump “Donald @AlexPappas: by @DailyCaller Via
http://t.co/W95amBywic Politics HT Via
it! do just signals No pay. them make and them get go enemy the provoke Don't clue. a have doesn't who job whack total a is .@PamelaGeller
do! I if victory for hard fight will PRESIDENT FOR RUN and much so up give to me asking are who people of thousands many the of all hope I
victory. want We WIN! never and leadership zero have We late. too is it before fast and - tough very and strong very get must country Our
http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46 history in Championships Open greatest the of four to home been has Scotland Turnberry Club Golf International Trump
Thatcher Margaret Lady Iron The – liberty.” economic is there unless liberty no be can “There
14! May on State Granite the to returning to forward Looking activities. political Hampshire New my on updates the all for @TrumpNH Follow
http://t.co/Mk4NX0PEd1 skyline Manhattan the of views fantastic offers @TrumpFerryPoint Bronx the in Bridge Whitestone of foot the At
https://t.co/D3vuKT8cux new… a opened just @doryainteriors by collection furniture Home Trump the that share to thrilled am I
http://t.co/xEEuFXvVTT Suites: Wellness and Sky new our about @globeandmail in @TrumpToronto on story Great
http://t.co/0S110K4Hj7 Brava Playa of sands the on situated Uruguay Este del Punta Tower Trump of site the on progress incredible is There
#gotmilk @DETAILS: in write-up nice a gets @TrumpSoHo spa Our
cool! be really Oh Jesus? of cartoons mocking and horrible drawing meeting public very a had Muslims of group large a if do you would What
SMART BE death. and attacks provoke to order in religion mocking openly and out going seekers publicity without problems enough has U.S. The
DUMB! audience. to death possible provoke to order in again over and over taunt why but me than speech free for harder fight would Nobody
https://t.co/cuN3EqY3OI firing- some did I and Vader Darth when is here #MayThe4thBeWithYou---
http://t.co/is7MQKdeE2 options luxury Diamond Five AAA of array wide a offers @TrumpSoHo rooms beautiful 391 and 46-stories With
Congrats! year! consecutive 4th the for Award' Diamond 'Rakuten the @TrumpWaikiki awarded has @RakutenTravelJP that hear to Thrilled
amnesty. grant to continues Obama while http://t.co/h7atQqDRNA “plummeting” are Deportations
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s deliver. will I orders. executive Obama’s of all undo will I elected If
Saturday! this SC Greenville in Summit Freed @Citizens_United @RepJeffDuncan’s &amp; @David_Bossie to forward Looking
worker! American the for deals trade bad for authority track’ ‘fast him give to not in Obama reign to November last elected was Congress
http://t.co/v0dF83ZlGK Pavilion” Office Post Old the at National the open @gzchef “ @timcarman: by @goingoutguide @washingtonpost’s Via
http://t.co/wy6idgJC3c hotels: luxury in perks on coverage @WSJ the for @TrumpToronto and @TrumpNewYork to Congratulations
https://t.co/V1Wz2qYUze @TrumpScotland course golf amazing Our
Enjoy. - @foxandfriends on A.M. 7:00 at interviewed be will I
crumbling! are They fast. and help need cities Our action. no and talk all are pols - cities build to how knows that one only the am I
lost? aggressor The time. of waste total a was fight the but way every in fantastic was Hotel @TrumpLasVegas Vegas. Las from back got Just
Floyd. tonight luck Good .@FloydMayweather
television. the on turn you time every worse getting and - high all-time an at almost is country our in divide racial The
jobs! jobs Jobs country. our facing problems inner-city many the solve can leadership great only - night tough really a had Baltimore
pro! real a reason and calm of representative wonderful a are You today. media the with dealing in insight Great .@SheriffClarke
nice. you Thank Trump" admire know I people the interestbut applaud always I &amp; that 2 used I'm so activist an I'm @realDonaldTrump
@ESPNGolf @GolfChannel @GolfweekMag @GolfDigest GREAT! dropped. been have Scotland in Turnberry Trump near farm wind build to Plans
@GolfChannel works. longer No Aberdeen. in build be never will turbines wind expensive and ugly obsolete very the Also .@canoetravel
https://t.co/jg3MUKDtp9 you. thank Beautiful
@LightmanDavid by @McClatchyDC via http://t.co/wmWxsY9mYy race” House White GOP enter to inclined’ much ‘Very “Trump:
https://t.co/qhWAbMZyOp Thanks!
https://t.co/NQv8hFvSSB you. Thank
http://t.co/gFMzH0yDAJ Davenport” in Republicans with economy talks Trump “Donald @AP: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/TUPtn3RW0O @TXPatriotsPAC” at jobs run 2016 talks @StephenGreen91:“Trump by @ConroeCourier Via
http://t.co/AGdG3PuEq5 Again! Great America Making &amp; us failed have politicians how discussing @WartburgCollege from int. @KWWL My
http://t.co/VHGhMNFau2 up” beat getting U.S. “Trump: @EdTibbetts: by @qctimes Via
Ford Henry -- right. you're can't you think or can you think you Whether
it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't Entrepreneurs:
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers Entrepreneurs:
doomed! is it know we as U.S. the views and authority their exerting start don't country our of people productive and proud working the If
here? riots no Why naked. street on down Gunned Spruill. West thug ex-con by Charle Ana of murder horrible the about talking no-one is Why
hell! to going is country whole Our dollars. not needed is Leadership mess. total a still it's and Baltimore on spent dollars of Billions
stop! never work great the up Keep you. seeing Good .@CGasparino
http://t.co/6VjUwualVP Chicago” in restaurants Michelin-starred value “best the of one @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago named .@ThrillistChi
award! 2014' for Year The of Partner 'Hotel Resorts &amp; Hotels Fine @AmericanExpress winning for @TrumpWaikiki Congrats
dying! ratings has longer no show - "it" television zero has and predictable boring is She @TheView. hurting really is .@NicolleDWallace
bad! Too ratings. of lack for dying is show the Now show. successful was it when times many View The on guest a been have I
BULL! racist. is It it). uses Obama though (even correct politically not words other many so like is "thug" word the using say now They
http://t.co/ocSyTc4q2v @TrumpLasVegas! with better looks skyline The 1969. in Strip Vegas Las the of video handheld Incredible
award! Leadership Commandant’s the accepting while @MarineCorpsLEF #agreatcause celebrate me helping for @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo you Thank
https://t.co/Gd3lroPnCr today! fan big a Met
now! stop Must anymore. ripped-off country our want don't People crowds. out sold - today Iowa to going am I
riots? Baltimore control of out and disgusting the watch they as States United the about thinking is world the of rest the what wonder I
for! live to much too just is hurt.There get anybody let not cool-do be calm Be tonight. Baltimore in problems any be won't there Hopefully
leader. incompetent - countries other many and China by us from away taken being are jobs Our JOB! a is far by program social best The
it. Do done! be can it leadership proper With together. sides both bring and Baltimore to Go do. to job big a have you Obama President
Baltimore. watching is world whole The other. each liking really and with working start to have We together. come to has country Our
genius! real another - destroy" to "space rioters the give to wanted she said Baltimore of Mayor The
(again)? it rebuild to expected taxpayers U.S. the are destroyed be to city the allowed have Police Baltimore ineffective the that Now
Baltimore! destroying openly and happily so are who thugs the on impact positive a had exactly hasn't President American African great Our
SAD! riots. handle to NOT how on lesson a be Should watch. and by stand police the as Baltimore in destruction property rampant and Blatant
stopped. be must Thugs fast! and tough get must Police Guard. National the is Where badly! some Baltimore in hurt policemen 15 Wow
https://t.co/HJDStXh9zq #TrumpAdvice
http://t.co/GDrXb3aDDu Bush'” another is need we thing last `The “Trump: @ChrisCassidy_BH: by @bostonherald Via
http://t.co/LD2FarV2Vg Again! Great America Making &amp; Security Social saving timetable 2016 my on #WHCD at @krystalball w/ int @msnbc My
http://t.co/vsdNEIJz1P gala” charity Corps Marine at honored Trump “Donald @Mohris: by @PageSix via ICYMI
#SheldonAdelson Best! clowns. political and politicians these with time your wasting are You Israel. save will Trump Donald but Nobody
people! great Hampshire New to head I Then minutes. 5 - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be Will
Enjoy! - @FoxNews on tonight @JudgeJeanine by interviewed be will I
bomb! time walking a is she run to able be will Hillary if know don't I
Best! us. beating are others and China where that's - agreements trade in manipulation currency cover to important Really .@PennyPritzker
voice! conservative true a need We business. of out going from Review National save to important Really .@NRO
fold! or talent real some Get loser! total a Goldberg of guidance to thanks Review National as irrelevant or "dead" as is much Not .@NRO
guy! fantastic A .@WayneDupreeShow
job! Great - book Great Amazon. on one number to going book your on @DanaPerino to Congratulations
etc. China to manufacturing our losing rapidly are We anything. make don't We anything? make don't you if people our of care take you do How
https://t.co/YvxHjUwLz5 #TrumpAdvice
Virginia. in dinner Lincoln-Reagan @ChesterfieldGOP tonight speech keynote giving to forward Looking
Trump" for Wins "Frost putter. best been Always week. last win big his on @Frostpga golfer great to Congrats
http://t.co/CXVtrO6YIs Point Ferry Links Trump NYC in course golf opened newly my on @IvankaTrump by article beautiful A
soon. again speak will we today you to speaking Great .@johnhawkinsrwn
tough! be must good Very @apageor2
http://t.co/IQEUaq8cPe guy! great a days- old the in Spielberg Steven With #TBT
@Jumpman23 Jordan Michael – championships.” wins intelligence and teamwork but games wins “Talent
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again! Great America Make Let’s illegals. to amnesty grant not worker American the protect to DC for time is It
party. own his than GOP the from more gets Obama agreement?! Iran the and TPP for authority track fast Obama giving Republicans the are Why
Conservatives? doubled. than more debt Florida’s Leader Majority House was Rubio &amp; governor was Jeb while – Fact
http://t.co/FVjMy4moUq fundraiser” major for Trump book GOP “Maryland @ErinatTheSun: by @baltimoresun Via
http://t.co/MhuHz1Su1J apart'” 'falling are roads US says “Trump @HenschOnTheHill: by @thehill Via
Die! or Free Live country. the for model a is State Granite The Monday. on Hampshire New to travelling be to Excited
@tuohy by @UnionLeader via http://t.co/NLJQb8BmZB Monday” returns office NH a for lease signs “Trump
true. very Geraldo--and champion my Thanks .@GeraldoRivera
http://t.co/fl4mOb3NA2 service impeccable &amp; luxury style offers @TrumpToronto Hotel Luxury #1 @TripAdvisor &amp; Star 5 .@ForbesInspector
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE register. hardly who folks in put but polls in me put doesn't establishment polling the that notice you Do
you! Thank @Ex369PPD
Eisenhower D. Dwight - dog.” the in fight the of size the it's - fight the in dog the of size the necessarily not is counts “What
us. at laughing is China manipulation. currency address not does deal This Partnership. Trans-Pacific the into backdoor a has China
it. pass not Do unemployment. greater even to lead will Partnership Trans-Pacific The
sector manufacturing our squeeze will Partnership Trans-Pacific The trade. on authority track fast Obama giving be not should Republicans
deal. bad a is This manipulation. currency Japan's stop not does It business. America's on attack an is Partnership Trans-Pacific The
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again Great America Make Let’s law! of rule the Protect amnesty. No
PASS! LET NOT DO more). (and MANIPULATION CURRENCY INCLUDE MUST country. our for deals trade better much and own my negotiate to want I
#TimeToGetTough negotiate. out can Obama people only the are You Congress. in Republicans the to Congratulations
@BretBaier honor! great a - Astoria Waldorf The at tonight U.S.Marines the from Award Leadership Commandant's The getting I'm
http://t.co/IF3kPB8IlM speak” Trump hear to chance a public gives “@TXPatriotsPAC @JayRJordan:: by @KingwoodNews Via
http://t.co/sDYF7yy5kF @TurnberryBuzz” at holes new five build to “Trump @jake0reilly: by @GolfMonthly Via
crowd! record out Sold Highlands. The at Club Country The at Friday this Gala Lincoln-Reagan @ChesterfieldGOP keynoting to forward Looking
http://t.co/vCuixB5TnC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://t.co/2oRfNj1wPk place! beautiful a What #TrumpTurnberry changes: Course Ailsa
@NRO hard! Work me. on focusing of instead Review National failing badly the save to trying on focused totally be should You .@JonahNRO
voice! conservative this Save business. little very doing fast Dying Review. National for stats the at looked just Wow @JonahNRO .@NRO
again! rich America make I’ll etc. Security Social cut won't who Repub only the I’m that is me about things nice said Schultz Ed reason The
win. to unite liberals whereas other each destroy they that is conservatives of weakness the but conservative a I’m
@JonahNRO poorly. so doing is NRO the wonder no me hit to girl” old year 14 a like “tweeting uses who Goldberg Jonah like guy stupid a With
girl” old year 14 a like “tweeting @JonahNRO’s than less far for positions resign to forced been have People
later! or now Resign women. to insult Horrible girl...” 14-year-old a like tweeting “relentlessly started I that stated You .@JonahNRO
Reagan Ronald – heat.” the feel them make light the see them make can't you “When
https://t.co/RlJvPxuVvh Clintons- for paradise in Trouble #TrumpVlog
end? it will When treaty. nuclear Iran the on time This Obama. to capitulated again once have Republicans
https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8 Again Great America Make Let’s leadership. right the with efficient be can Government
http://t.co/JP9isP6SsF Again'” Great America Make 'We'll “Trump: @politizine: by @ConcordNHPatch Via
http://t.co/MxCytMrSFW @cspan via @FITNsummit @NHGOP the at Saturday past this from speech my ICYMI
action. no talk All hook. the off them let will Republicans fellow my worry don’t but trouble deep in are Bill and Hillary Wow
http://t.co/v5Wrd9Hcyt deal" a all It's Aspirations: Presidential about Trump Donald with Interview http://t.co/PrZV7PChj0 Via
http://t.co/KzwmixmfW4 anyway. dying are mags both well Oh @stephenfhayes. &amp; @JonahNRO like dopes than smarter lot a is @edshow guess I
http://t.co/KzwmixmfW4 @edshow Ed! you Thank Schultz. Ed from unexpected and nice really Wow
it! get politics—go &amp; life on perspective fabulous a has Dana is.." News Good the “And book wonderful a wrote .@DanaPerino
Fame! of Hall the in and baseball around be should Pete analyst. an as @FOXSports by hired been has @PeteRose_14 that see to Glad
http://t.co/dNNRM5H8t3 Republicans” many in disappointed' 'I'm “Trump: @HenschOnTheHill: by @thehill Via
@JoeNBC takes! it what have don't just You Hampshire. New in weekend this panel media the on joke a were you heard I .@stephenfhayes:
sad! - death means talent No @JonahNRO. by done being job pathetic really the of because business of out going be may @NRO Review National
media! Hampshire New local the out check Just Hampshire. New in weekend this star" "breakout one only was there Sorry .@megynkelly
show? his on dummy this put @BretBaier does Why rock. a as dumb truly is Review #National @NRO great once the of @JonahNRO Goldberg Jonah
weather). talking not (when news evening the watch Just mess. - dangerous very and - total a is Africa South saying been long have I As
dumb! Really negotiations? nuclear the of part this isn't Why paying. be not should we that dollars of billions Iran paying stupidly are We
protection. this toward us pay to going they are much How ships. others-sending &amp; Iran against Arabia Saudi protect to ready getting are We
http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc @PGAGrandSlam. the for October in host the be will Angeles Los Club Golf National Trump
year! another for Award Diamond Five AAA the receiving again once for @TrumpSoHo to Congratulations
@Expedia! by 2014" Access +VIP of "Best as selected being for @TrumpWaikiki to Congratulations
@stephenfhayes. than better far writers get to try should you but failing is business your know I .@weeklystandard
http://t.co/AufXRgiR9o Iran” on Desperation “Total article true very and wonderful the for @AmSpec and @JeffJlpa1 you Thank
candidates. criticizing with away get talent little and success no with @stephenfhayes like pundit and writer failed does How
@BretBaier me. for experience amazing media—an political in non-reporting) (or reporting dishonest much So
topics. interesting very Some minutes. 30 - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on interviewed be will I
U.S.A. the love truly who people Wonderful ovation! standing beautiful a got great-and was crowd the where Hampshire New from returned Just
people! many employ and company class world a build did I but -- Bankrupt went never I sorry there out losers and haters the of all For
bust! total a was he Mar-a-Lago At dog. a like ABC off thrown Got television. on pundit political boring most the perhaps is .@georgewillf
canvas. my It's deal. great a making to beauty a Theres better. it does nobody Hopefully enjoyment. pure of out do I what do I
air-time! good of Waste relevant! little a even not and boring exhausted he's - show your on Will George have you do Why .@BretBaier
#FITN Again! Great America Make Let's @FITNsummit!. @NHGOP at Nashua in tomorrow 1:30PM at speaking to forward Looking
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J Again! Great America Make Let’s past. the in put be must politicians of ways the again strong be to America For
http://t.co/AufXRgiR9o Iran" on Desperation’ ‘Total Shows Obama Says Trump "Exclusive: @JeffJlpa1: by @AmSpec Via
http://t.co/EfP0LClaOv border the &amp; action no and talk all being politicians alcohol drinking not on Imus w/Don int. @FoxBusiness My
Mexico! from costs Deduct wall. a need We http://t.co/P8arBncO0A border Southern our outside miles 8 camp training a operating is ISIS
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J them. beats Obama Amnesty. and ObamaCare funding are Republicans The
http://t.co/qsltrsG3WQ" http://t.co/voxkcptRf6. @EricTrumpFdn! for @TrumpTowerNY at w/@realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera seeing Great
tonight! job great - .kimguilfoyle
plan.” your keep can you plan healthcare your like you -“If Obama Barack = conservative” a am “I - Bush Jeb
Lincoln A. ourselves. destroyed we because be will freedomsit our lose and falter we outside.If the from destroyed be never will America
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J outsider an for time It’s Deal. The of Art The knows one only but again great America make can they claim Others
http://t.co/SWE2lArIOV America” Fix Can He And Patriotic Is He Trump: Donald “Watch @WalidShoebat: Via
http://t.co/FySChialfX courses top with along activities countless offers @TrumpGolfDC Center Performance Tennis new brand our With
happens. nothing &amp; money of lot a owed am I joke. dishonest a is system court Mexico’s
friend. U.S. a not is Mexico system. court Mexico slow &amp; Disgusting money. of lot a me owe Mexico in pals his and Moya Rosas Rodolfo
http://t.co/BC62TkDE0o 2016” in people' of lot a surprise to going 'I'm “TRUMP: @hunterw: by @businessinsider Via
@wcfcourier: via http://t.co/1Zg7rYkaGL @WartburgCollege” at event public plans Trump “UPDATE:
http://t.co/qOYj0clN4j again great America making and Iran leaders incompetent our code tax the simplifying on int. @TeamCavuto My
http://t.co/JhEKn4IoJf Gekko- and Trump #TBT
Adams Quincy John – leader." a are you more become and more do more learn more dream to others inspire actions your "If
http://t.co/klB0J51kWl run" presidential 2016 toward steps takes Trump "Donald @Reuters: Via
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J aid! foreign Mexican from costs deduct &amp; wall a build must We criminals. by daily breached being is border Our
anywhere! &amp; anytime healthcare to access full owed are Vets Our families. their and vets our for care to duty sacred a have We
http://t.co/0OjZCHMsUm experience golf public luxurious a offers &amp; Ocean Pacific overlooks @TrumpGolfLA coast west the on course top The
Again! Great America Make Let’s 12PM! at Saturday on Summit Leadership Republican #FITN @NHGOP the at speaking to forward Looking
soon. back going to forward Looking Monday. and Saturday past this Charleston and Beach Myrtle in time great a Had
http://t.co/DC4ERaL5Y0 shooting” Scott Walter politicize Don’t Trump: “Donald @skropf47: by @postandcourier Via
http://t.co/Zeazq1leLs President for running considering strongly am I why discussing @BretBaier with int. @SpecialReport my of 1 Part
http://t.co/UpURDegT8H May” in City Sioux to Coming Trump “Donald @kcautv: Via
ALREADY! ENOUGH TAXED T-E-A. year. the of day favorite Obama’s 15th April is Today
http://t.co/kEpL3e4DU9 @EricTrump- son my with office my in @MarianoRivera great The
https://t.co/Mg3gOuicY5 Ocean- Pacific the on directly located @TrumpGolfLA from views amazing the See
profusely! Sweating plan. proper - Miami in when especially - time next conditioning air working has that location a pick should Rubio Marco
ideas. new to open and flexible remain to negotiation--try for rules exact no are There expectations. by confined be Don't Entrepreneurs:
for. strive to situation ideal the it's and possibility a is This wins. everyone negotiations best the In Entrepreneurs:
power. own your negate Don't boss? the Who's problems. your than bigger be to Resolve Entrepreneurs:
enjoy! - morning this 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be Will
ratings! for bad really - guy Boring news. television on time much so get @ron_fournier like smarts no with talents rate third do How
@FoxNews strange! Very president. for race the in was Paul Rand that know didn't Romney Mitt Wow
ratings! television and golf for Fantastic beautiful. so looks course The Masters. @The great A
joke! total a - complaints service many so has .@T-Mobile
check. just complaints many has and service terrible gives .@TMobile
them! for going nothing with losers total all are they @JamersonHayes Thanks
@JohnLegere ball! the on get - terrible absolutely is service You .@TMobile
buildings. my in it want don't I customers. your for it improve to something do you can't Why terrible! is service T-Mobile .@JohnLegere
passion! without accomplished been has world the in great Nothing nothing. have you energy without energy; have don't you passion Without
THANKS! - GREAT were audience the and Carolina South
http://t.co/uxooivGFIV it- appreciate greatly I story nice the for much very you Thank
https://t.co/qQcVWftNr9 today. earlier event Republican County Horry at crowd capacity a to Spoke
people! fantastic with meeting - now Carolina South to Heading
will! they Mark Thanks @markraymond
commented. and watched people Many tonight. me on segment professional highly and fair very the for you Thank .@BretBaier
THANKS! Trump. for ovation standing and house Packed amazing. was today Nashville in NRA The
Eric! go to Way tonight. O'Reilly on job fantastic a did .@ericbolling
NRA. the and Nashville to Off
good! be will it Watch 6:00. at tonight Fox) (on Bret by interviewed be will I .@BretBaier
there. be will friends Many Nashville. in today event NRA the at speaking be will I
http://t.co/FrtuGriGUo" - World' the in Country Every 'Virtually Taliban Iran by Out-Negotiated' 'Totally Obama Trump: Exclusive–Donald
it! miss Don't Fox. on P.M. 6:00 at Baier Bret with tonight interview big a doing be Will
audience! wonderful fun of lots Iowa- in College Simpson at ovation standing and crowd Record
Award. Diamond Five AAA the receive to @TrumpSoHo to way my On
people! fantastic crowds record yesterday- Iowa in time great a had I
https://t.co/ARzEb16mog Leaders Senate State Iowa with Meeting
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE
state! great people great - Iowa in day entire the spending I'm - now Leaving
running! I'm think don't people most and nationwide candidates Republican most of ahead me has poll University Monmouth respected the Wow
out! weeded should.be They scum. basic and dishonest knowingly are some but - great and honest are journalists Many
name? his of use the for ex-hubby poor her paying Huffington Arianna out) and inside (both unattractive extremely the is money much How
business! of out them put and them sue - money much has Neither worse. is @HuffingtonPost say I is @RollingStone as dishonest As
dedication Center Tennis the for D.C. National Trump at tomorrow champion great truly a you with being to forward look we .@serenawilliams
@marklevinshow - it’” keep can you plan healthcare your like you ‘if promising him like are deal Iran the on promises “Obama’s
http://t.co/SB6yeYQvwP Gala” Republican Chesterfield annual at address keynote deliver to Trump “Donald @ProgressIndex: Via
http://t.co/F9KJ19vyJx Trump” Donald of year the is “2016 Dunn: Eugene by @LasVegasSun Via
http://t.co/SIje6b7rBf cabanas luxurious 18 offers Pool Palm Royal remodeled @TrumpDoral’s destination top Miami’s
well-deserved! &amp; Well-earned award. @BreitbartNews #ROL15 the named being on @GatewayPundit to Congratulations
rights! local &amp; individual on attack an is Core Common education. discuss to Wednesday on @SimpsonCollege visiting to forward Looking
https://t.co/BulcK1EBSI #TrumpAdvice
nukes. develop to Iran for pathway a is framework The Iran. with deal reckless Obama’s stop must Congress
joke! total better-- no are others and @HuffingtonPost Phony scam. their admitted .@RollingStone
ENJOY! 7:00. at morning this @foxandfriends doing be Will
champion! real a are you Easter great a have .@ShawnJohnson
Easter! happy very a losers and haters the including everyone wish I
up! give Never life. in triumphs and wins great have over is Easter when then and everyone Easter happy and beautiful fantastic a Have
suffering! those of all to apologize should They disgusting. is tragedy air Germanwings the about joke to able is Live Night Saturday That
catastrophe to lead will and rich Iran make but nothing does It world. the and States United the for one terrible a is deal nuclear Iran The
http://t.co/M3hXilcNNa Bronx” The In Opens “@TrumpFerryPoint @CBSNewYork: Via
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J again! great America make Let’s outsider. an by fixed be only can Washington action. no and talk all are Politicians
#ArtOfTheDeal deal. bad a than better is deal No them. lift not Iran against sanctions increase to time the is Now $50/barrel. under is Oil
http://t.co/D22HrXA28h course” on transformation @TurnberryBuzz “Trump @TheTodaysGolfer Via
http://t.co/gAdKBSkpzX Iran- with negotiations nuclear discussing week this from appearance @oreillyfactor my Watch
obstacles. with come goals that Know checks. reality of lot a with thinking positive Practice Entrepreneurs:
effort. group a not is entrepreneur an Being yourself. trust to Learn Entrepreneurs:
less. Nothing focus. 100% and effort 100% requires success that Realize Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/d9JLgqPxds Iran?” in imprisoned pastor American home bring you Will President: “Mr. @JaySekulow: by @FoxNews via read Must
sanctions! Pass weakness. from negotiated deal desperate bad a is It capability. breakout Iran’s stop not will Iran to offer Obama’s
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J again! great America make Let’s solutions. conservative sense common needs Washington
http://t.co/Cgx4EO3afj Hired” You're “Trump: @tuohy: by @UnionLeader Via
http://t.co/EUgOIXNC0M Deal” Make Doesn't Iran If Walk to Has Kerry Trump: “Donald @OwenTew: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/DNwlV3TjYn Trump” Donald President: For Likes He Who on Trump “Donald @rcpvideo: Via
#FITN questions/people Great http://t.co/FZrWwW5D2l @JoshMcElveen Conversation 2016 Commitment @WMUR9 my of segment question townhall The
http://t.co/uka2F9vTPL son wonderful his by @jacknicklaus great the to witnessed--given ever have I father a to tributes greatest the of One
https://t.co/lSlBGoX6UH Iran. with careful Be #TrumpVlog
#LEGENDS night. by winner GRAMMY 2015 likely day by leader Conservative him. Follow LP. special very a making is @ChristianJosi friend My
tough. progressively them make and sanction another add must we it call you what is that if deal the delays Iran that day Each
brilliance! true enjoy and now @oreillyfactor on Turn
Enjoy! 8:00. at tonight @oreillyfactor on be will I
@oreillyfactor politics. and Iran about PM--talking 8 at tonight show O'Reilly's Bill on be will I
learn. to opportunity an as day every advantage--see your to information use and Gain Entrepreneurs:
tenacious. be strong be tough Be problem. the not solution the at Look victorious. as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
you. around right opportunities great some be may There see? to not pretending I am What yourself: Ask Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J again! great America make Let’s world. the around security creating while economy help can leadership right The
Big Think – goal.” that accomplish can who person the become to yourself mold and goal big a take “Simply
alternative! oriented market free a with REPLACE &amp; REPEAL - ObamaCare for fix one only is There
http://t.co/S9ZKRNLaL0 Day” One Taken Have Should Talks Nuke Iran “Trump: @foxandfriends: on seen as @FoxNewsInsider Via
Iran. against sanctions increase must Congress nukes. develop to desperate is Iran
aid! foreign Mexican from costs the deduct &amp; wall massive a Build now. border our Secure terrorists. &amp; cartels for open wide is border The
anytime! and anywhere care to access universal deserve Veterans families. their and vets our for care to duty sacred a have We
http://t.co/85z3kFCDwt veterans &amp; healthcare China leadership discussing @JoshMcElveen with Conversation 2016 Commitment @WMUR9 My
http://t.co/y2IdrfYZML bigger’” ‘but campaign caucus typical run to “Trump Lynch: Q. James by @gazettedotcom Via
@Daily_Record via http://t.co/9zLfXM3U4B Airport” Prestwick to back flights more bring to Ryanair with talks in Trump Donald tycoon “US
http://t.co/93Gdz6T0MF honor! nice a what Wow
http://t.co/iuivomm565 President” for Tier Top GOP in Trump Donald “Poll: @TheBrodyFile: @CBNNews’ Via
@DempsterMartin by @TheScotsman via http://t.co/xIsrimoOT0 crown” golfing Trump Donald in jewel the “@TurnberryBuzz
hell through her Put him. reported have should and insane was he knew plane the down took who co-pilot wacko the Lubitz of girlfriend The
Palmer Arnold construction.-- under always is success to road The
@AyrshireChamber 2015 Dinner Annual Commerce of Chamber Ayrshire tonight's to forward Looking
http://t.co/wMiAjx0e8m education” on speech Iowa give to Trump “Donald @JenniferJJacobs: by @DMRegister via ICYMI
acumen. business &amp; w/leadership efficient be can Gov. http://t.co/s0EF3ZSnWJ @TrumpRink” Rink Ice NYC Finishes Trump Cheaper And “Faster
Deal the of Art The – it.” make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst “The Iran: re: Obama to Message
privilege! a not right a is Amendment 2nd The http://t.co/Y6VYva0Gn8 Nashville in Convention @nranews speaking to forward Looking
http://t.co/GGxwFvQjwc Straight'” Shoot Couldn't That 'Gang By Mistake Another Swap Bergdahl '14:“Trump: July @FoxNewsInsider Flashback
attention! Pay from. coming they're where know to got You've wants. side other the what knowing means negotiation Successful Entrepreneurs:
yourself. be might side your on person only the that Know book. open an be don't negotiating When Entrepreneurs:
mind! open an Keep evolve. will what know never You perk. a as opportunity see and opportunity Seek Entrepreneurs:
@jacknicklaus situation.-- the what matter no up give to never quit to never Resolve
tough! get to has U.S. back. him bring to trying died soldiers brave five - desertion for penalty death the face should Bergdahl Bowe Sgt.
FREEBIES. NO dearly! pay must they protection and help our wants oil from day a dollars billion one making been has which Arabia Saudi If
trouble. big in is Arabia Saudi doing. is he what know doesn't Obama fell. just it - story success great a as Yemen touting was Obama Pres.
http://t.co/xEZDajloOF opposite” the I'm action; no talk all are Politicians “Trump: @FoxNews: Via
http://t.co/LBk4XIr1FO build'” to empire own his has man every "Because @Macys -- "Empire" fragrance-- men's new launches Trump “Donald
records all time—set all of greatest the was billionaires” the of battle “the @WrestleMania WM23 that think people Many
Reagan Ronald Pres. – greatness.” and mission of sense a again once feel to hungry are “Americans
http://t.co/xEZDajloOF again great America making &amp; candidacy potential my discussing OPO at @MELANIATRUMP with @FoxNews on int. @greta My
http://t.co/4ya9KJruxE Experts” Street Wall Appoint Self-Fund Would I Run: 2016 on “Trump @OwenTew: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/E7KnHSxrkT danger” clear a “Iran Dunn: R. Eugene by @bostonherald Via
http://t.co/zIxfJ4SHrm president of job the for up man one Only http://t.co/Lw28bfjJdP: via
http://t.co/G4z5rlqDhj @TrumpDoral @TrumpGolf Spots Hot Miami Favorite .@IvankaTrump's
@jacknicklaus honoring Ceremony Medal Gold Congressional yesterday’s at heard ever have I parent a to tribute best the gave II Nicklaus Jack
ENJOY! - else plenty and OPO about talking be will - show @greta to Go
now! @greta on am I
attitude. empowering very a It's yourself. for responsibility Take Entrepreneurs:
reason. a for there They're skills. your honed you've after even instincts your Trust Entrepreneurs:
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation Entrepreneurs:
https://t.co/tzzTn3uDYS EST! 7PM at tonight in Tune construction. under Office Post Old D.C. Washington in @greta With
http://t.co/roM3MKB8wn organization'” dishonest very 'a @HuffingtonPost Trump: “Donald @eScarry: by @dcexaminer Via
http://t.co/y5aiY0G9B7 again great America making &amp; negotiations POTUS for running considering am I why on int. @megynkelly @FoxNews My
EVERYTHING! ABOUT TALKING BE WILL 9:00. at tonight @megynkelly on be Will
@AP by @ConMonitorNews via http://t.co/UbiLFwmcyK government” in well play would experience business his says Trump N.H. “In
@wmur9 via http://t.co/iccd40yKLg reception” Amherst Stepanek's Steve Rep. at speaks Trump Donald video: “Raw ICYMI
http://t.co/7ySp5oGugR June” by run presidential a on decide will he says “Trump @tuohy: by @UnionLeader Via
Enjoy. minutes! 15 - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be Will
http://t.co/Z79GxMsbWk @TrumpDoral: program #TrumpPets @TrumpCollection our discusses .@MiamiHerald
Churchill Winston -- counts. that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is Success
level. highest the at business do can you show to opportunity an as day each See best. the you're that show actions your Let Entrepreneurs:
concise. and clear Be less? or minutes three in idea your someone tell you Can succinct. be to Learn Entrepreneurs:
like. you people with work to way best the That's people. right the for magnet a be you'll and example the Set Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc Beautiful! course. Dye Pete hole 18 an has and Ocean Pacific the fronts Angeles Los Club Golf National Trump
http://t.co/exnWuXuPwA skyline. city the of views degree 360 and Casa Fendi house design celebrated by interiors has York New .@TrumpSoHo
http://t.co/XovcybFo0P soon! opening is York New Bronx the in course golf public hole 18 an Point Ferry at Links Golf Trump
http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H restaurant. signature the is @jeangeorges &amp; location Manhattan perfect the has York New Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
COMMITTEE-http://t.co/WARAdFgrrF EXPLORATORY PRESIDENTIAL TRUMP J. DONALD THE
Spectacular!http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU River. Potomac the fronts and acres 600 on located is D.C. Washington Club Golf National Trump
greatness." to back country our bring to skills leadership and vision the has "Mr.Trump Adviser: Political Senior Lewandowski Corey
http://t.co/qezWONTCcE #LIUB here! sign Blue” Up It “Light your get - awareness raising in me join Month Awareness Autism is April
missing? What's weak? What's strong? What's life. your of facet every to attention Pay organization. an as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
moment. every day every with careful being by lives daily our in win We Entrepreneurs:
count. work your Make better. even is significance with Success good. is Success Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/4HukFLVHkb facilities. practice of acres 16 &amp; Fazio Tom by designed courses has Jersey New Bedminster Club Golf National Trump
A.M. 7:00 at .@foxandfriends
fast! lawyers new Get theirs. like nothing sounds song Gaye Marvin The screwed. get Thicke Robin &amp; Pharrell did Boy
doing. you're what about can you everything Know surprise. by taken being beats sure ready being but guarantees no are There Entrepreneurs:
Focus! easy. not but Simple it. establish then &amp; standard that Identify known? be to want you which for standard the is What Entrepreneurs:
picture. big the of belong--out they where people &amp; thoughts negative Keep perspective. in things put will attitude winning A Entrepreneurs:
it! do just - hit another with up come and Mac pushing Keep Trump." "Donald song his on views million 100 almost has Miller Mac little Wow
http://t.co/5WbRYtT23g hotels luxury top world's the of one be will D.C. Washington Hotel International Trump
us! beats nation Every future. the into see or negotiate to ability or knowledge no has leadership our that is U.S. the with problem The
sad! Really Iraq. over taking is Iran nuclear over U.S. the with negotiate phony they while and years MANY for saying been have I as Just
up! give Never winner. a being of part big a is stubborn Being Entrepreneurs:
challenge. the Enjoy exercise. mind a are Problems Entrepreneurs:
surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's choice. healthy a is it acknowledging and ego an Having Entrepreneurs:
@TrumpFerryPoint 1st-30th! April for website our on EST 10am @ TODAY opens sheet tee #TrumpFerryPoint The READY!! GET
WGC.Thanks Cadillac the following critics architectural and players both from reviews rave recieved Doral National Trump at Monster Blue The
Franklin Benjamin -- interest. best the pays knowledge in investment An
more! for @TrumpGolf Follow https://t.co/CHFxHiRqii year! this @TrumpGolfLA at held be will @PGAGrandSlam the that announce to happy am I
http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H Georges Jean restaurant signature our has as acclaim great received has York New Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump
rules. the makes gold the has who he -- negotiating of rule golden the Remember Entrepreneurs:
doing. you're what about can you everything Know bases. your Cover Entrepreneurs:
endeavor. creative a is Business mind. open an Keep Entrepreneurs:
Warhol artAndy best the is business good &amp; art is working &amp; art is money Making art. of kind fascinating most the is business in good Being
it. loved alike critics &amp; players but tough Really weekend. the over sensation a was @TrumpDoral Monster Blue The
@TrumpDoral fan! bigger even an am fan—now your been long I’ve Doral. National Trump on comments nice the for Thanks .@Kstupples
minutes. 5 - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be Will
hunting! names Big great. played has who leader on pressure of lot A amazing. be will Championship Cadillac WGC the of round final Today's
Nicklaus Jack -- rules. its and traditions its respect to have we sportsmanship; and respect of game a is Golf
Palmer Arnold -- eraser. an called It's game. golf anyone's off strokes 5 take can that tip a have I
Player Gary -- get. you luckier the work you harder The
U.S. off ripping from them stop and WALL impenetrable an build to than other Mexico with do to nothing want corrupt.I system court Mexico's
costs reduce to stuff rights animal the used probably They again. go never will one Ifor elephants. their out phasing is Brothers Ringling
Woods Tiger -- up. keep to have you and athletic more and bigger gets sport Every evolves. sport Every
Pageant. Universe Miss the host again never will Mexico money of lots me owes who Moya Rosas Rodolfo of Because
happen. never will it that Moya Rosas Rodolfo of because be will it Pageant Universe Miss the hosting again in interest Mexico's Despite
me. owe they money the me paying avoid to system court the used who businessmen Mexican the than honest more is judge Mexican the hope I
Snead Sam -- defeat. from back come all have champions great The back. come to ability his in is player great a of mark The
Hogan Ben -- golf. winning of percent eighty is shot next the for position right the in ball the Placing
PLAYERS! FIFTY TOP WORLD'S THE FOR READY IS MONSTER BLUE THE WGC. the for weekend this crowds big have will Doral National Trump
Mickelson Phil -- win. and gentleman a like play to is It win. to just not is golf of object The
Nicklaus Jack -- anxiety. to antidote fine a is Concentration
Palmer Arnold -- construction. under always is success to road The
Player Gary -- thoughts. our by primarily course the on failure or success create We
https://t.co/QVPKdLZ9J3 tomorrow- starting @cadillacchamp the for @trumpdoral at arrived Just
https://t.co/RNyzy5TpDa @trumpdoral at @cadillacchamp the at event Boost @Adidas great the at friends my With
Championship. Golf World Cadillac the for Sunday - Thursday on DORAL NATIONAL TRUMP at be will PLAYERS 50 TOP WORLD'S the of 50 All
http://t.co/aF5XY8ohwL city. spectacular a to addition fantastic a be will Vancouver Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump
business. good That’s personally. things take don’t but personable be smart be tough Be Entrepreneurs:
yourself! limit don't so haven't-- You best. your done you’ve that or already all it done you’ve think ever Don’t Entrepreneurs:
go. to want really you where know alone You intact. focus your keep and instincts your Follow Entrepreneurs:
yourself. protecting of way effective cost a be can attention Paying Entrepreneurs:
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look Entrepreneurs:
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep Entrepreneurs:
them of lot a negate can small too thinking and possibilities &amp; opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/JnGqrDNbSY badly’” ‘so president for run to want I Trump: “Donald @SethMcLaughlin1: by @WashTimes Via
http://t.co/JhYAqX9ytC Championships" the &amp; Golf of Business the on Trump Ivanka "Q&amp;A: @SuzMcGeeNYC: by @OceanDriveMag Via
http://t.co/7uzPNPJ9vK Names’" Naming Start To Going ‘I’m Press’: ‘Dishonest In Liberals Slams Trump @mboyle1:"Donald by @BreitbartNews Via
Hillary”http://t.co/5UKvHykSvR beat' can who one only the 'I'm “Trump: @rebeccagberg: by @dcexaminer Via
http://t.co/iqdFdyHgZ4 POTUS." for running about serious he's insisted he as tone aggressive an sets “Trump @BetBrod by @bpolitics Via
http://t.co/JRoqBdSV6j ISIS” Offer Would He Jobs What Trump Donald Asked We – Exclusive “@WestJournalism
http://t.co/unFuoJXul1 @seanhannity with Q&amp;A a and @DLoesch by intro with speech #CPAC2015 my watch to sure Be
http://t.co/fr4hEyfbys …" CPAC at speech Trump Donald that "About @jdelreal: by @washingtonpost Via
http://t.co/fl25maZhTU up'" 'Toughen Republicans: scolds Trump "Donald @ReenaJF: by @CBSNews Via
WH"http://t.co/jgA6OnysAl In Person’ Right Put We ‘Unless U.S. Fix Can’t We Fun’ For This Doing Not Am ‘I Trump: "Donald @PPDNews: Via
http://t.co/3AwAAXAEIs BEEN" EVER IT’S THAN ‘WORSE IMMIGRATION ILLEGAL MAKE WILL AMNESTY EXEC TRUMP: "DONALD @BreitbartNews: Via
http://t.co/jWlQRG4K4v Way’" Any There’s See Don’t I Winning; Him See Don’t ‘I Bush: Slams "Trump @LovelaceRyanD: by @NRO Via
@eScarry by @dcexaminer via via http://t.co/hN3gHZFVFX run" House White for @ApprenticeNBC end to ready Trump "Donald
http://t.co/aTq0RjzYbI #CPAC2015" At Run 2016 a Weighs Trump Donald "#REALTIME: @lullintheaction: by @TIME Via
http://t.co/rozkymxqIw Newsmax via Batley w/Melanie Interview
https://t.co/Jk4tNhDF9X GoodFellas of cast the With #TBT
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN http://t.co/stZOllcBqA eyed" run presidential as Lewandowski hires "Trump @tuohy: by @UnionLeader Via
http://t.co/0a3vkunMbp Israel’” To Happened Ever That’s Things Worst ‘The Of One Obama @alweaver22:“Trump: by @DailyCaller Via
http://t.co/fZB9ppIAvk gig” TV delaying and staff hiring is bid 2016 about serious is he says “Trump @costareports: by @washingtonpost Via
http://t.co/5WbRYtT23g hotels. great world's the of one be will Building Office Post Old iconic The D.C.: Washington Hotel Int'l Trump
dummies! are politicians Our US. the off ripping totally is it—Mexico face Mexico—but on comments my at angry are people many So
@melaniebatley by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/7VD05VjGHK President" for Run Will Trump Chance' "'Good
CAMPAIGN"http://t.co/uyTXiZ0uSp 2016 POTENTIAL FOR OPERATIVE GRASSROOTS IOWA TOP UP PICKS TRUMP DONALD COUP’: "‘MAJOR @BreitbartNews: Via
border our over criminals sending stop and - now me owed is that money the me Pay Mexico. of much is as corrupt is system legal Mexican The
http://t.co/nT7zundGmV Spectacular! Clare. County in Ocean Atlantic the on located is Ireland Hotel and Links Golf International Trump
http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc Ocean... Pacific the overlooking Peninsula Verdes Palos the on situated is Angeles Los Club Golf National Trump
topics. other many too and weather—boring about talking stop must broadcasts news evening The
it! sees nobody tapped—and be to waiting there out talent tremendous is poorly—there doing are that shows talk tv fix could I
credibility. need Oscars the importantly most &amp; Also zoom. will ratings the and Oscars the in back mystery &amp; beauty glamour the Put
history. in ratings lowest the of one confirmed ratings good—Nielsen no were Oscars the everybody told I
facts! the report don’t They Huffington. Arianna gross is as journalism of stock laughing &amp; joke total a is @HuffingtonPost The
Mexico! with business do Don’t collect. can’t far so but won I that system court corrupt Mexico’s in lawsuit a have I
nation. other any almost than more US the off ripping are not—they why &amp; Mexico for night great a were Oscars The
incompetent! - doing is he what idea no has Obama NEGOTIATION. LONGEST WORLD'S forever on going are Iran and U.S. the between talks The
… http://t.co/AOc5aQdVvk history. show’s in ratings lowest the among talent—and bad look terrible—bad were Oscars the you told I
either. will else one no don't you yourself--if in Believe momentum. your keep and focus your Keep Entrepreneurs:
level. highest the at do can you what show to opportunity an as day each see and -- goals your Identify Entrepreneurs:
complacent! become Don't direction. right the in you taking are they sure make and habits work your Review Entrepreneurs:
@fitsnews via http://t.co/aZmW0Z1lz1 MUSKET” A GOT DONALD’ “‘THE
http://t.co/qnU9o2X8XZ #Oscars? host to Trump
http://t.co/ALH2oa6Avq 2016 discussing 757 my on cadets @citadelgop with Carolina South in @WilliamLive5 with int. @Live5News My
wrong! are things many So President. our like much very joke sad a are Oscars The
bad! plain just past the to insult an is show This Awards. Academy The of days old good the to happened ever What
BORING! really terrible is Show Oscars. the at ever backdrop stage and graphics Worst
nice! Very Award. Patriot Hale Nathan The getting - tonight Citadel The to Going
@GlennaOn10 by @WPLGLocal10 via http://t.co/cXxnYhsVx1 course" golf Park Crandon 'world-class' promises Trump "Donald
http://t.co/6ZLcJkA6di @TrumpDoral" at honor amid reminisces "@jacknicklaus Smith: Van Bill by @MiamiHerald Via
problem. the solution--not the on focus to Remember themselves. prove to way another just as problems see Winners Entrepreneurs:
it! with stick and vision own your Have achieve. to want you what precisely Know goals. your Identify Entrepreneurs:
intact. equilibrium your keep to Remember life. &amp; business of part inevitable an are setbacks &amp; mistakes Difficulties Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/SgNDSLZgsG honor. great Award--a Liberty Algemeiner the Receiving
(now). morning this @GolfChannel on featured be will .@TrumpDoral
http://t.co/IxOr72MtJ5 spill” oil BP the fix help to offered and House White the called Trump “Donald @BKcolin: by @businessinsider Via
https://t.co/RRcFE1AHjR today- @TrumpTowerNY visited P Miss @WKCDOGS 139th the of Show In Best of winner The
http://t.co/1eFI7cGiGF http://t.co/TkShfpB8Ao Via
@GovWalker interesting! Very talk. wonderful really a had office--we my left just Walker Scott Gov.
@CrainsChicago via http://t.co/maobMmCu4L semifinalist: Beard James a being on #TrumpChicago TrumpCollection's of @cheflents to Congrats
learn. and listen Watch crushed. get or attention Pay costly. It's fatal. it's bliss not is Ignorance Entrepreneurs:
power. is persuasion and persuasion about all It's skills. negotiation your to attention Pay Entrepreneurs:
underestimated. be to advantage your to often It's Entrepreneurs:
pols. incompetent - weapons nuclear by caused that is fear should we warming global only The massive! caps ice snow and cold setting Record
watch! to sad Very champions. Chess Master Grand against playing players checker failed are negotiators our and Obama President
http://t.co/cgf4bp44Pv STATE" PALMETTO TO BACK HEADS MOGUL BILLIONAIRE SC: To Returning Is Show Trump Donald "The @fitsnews: Via
http://t.co/6CUGLkdh06 Sunday this SC Charleston in @SenatorTimScott with Dinner Patriot @citadelgop’s at honored being to forward Looking
http://t.co/CmBzJvpB4G Five'” Than More 'Much I'm 1-10 of Scale On Bid: 2016 on Trump “Donald Burke: Cathy by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/QqBHlGsJAe election 2016 the discussing &amp; @ApprenticeNBC recapping @GeraldoRivera with @FoxNews on int. @seanhannity joint My
#Doonbeg http://t.co/0ASDOWPMsy it. miss Don’t June. this coming is Club Golf Lahinch &amp; @Trump_Ireland Challenge Links Irish Great The
CHANGE CLIMATE to WARMING GLOBAL from name Changed size. record at caps Ice States. United the of much in EVER temperatures lowest the Among
morning. this office my to coming be will P Miss Show Club Kennel Westminster the at Show in Best of winner The
win. I'll run I if Actually far." go should Donald” "The … http://t.co/wbFc2AMfIj Again!” 'LYING' caught Post “NY @kwrcrow: By
#CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE P.M. 8 AT LIVE wild! going is place the - studio the at arrived Jusr
S.A. in star monster a and beauty great a is Apprentice.She Celebrity of Finale the at tonight introduced be will Vega @MissUniverse Paulina
run"http://t.co/1DpR2ybPU6 presidential possible talks Trump Donald "EXCLUSIVE: @BlairWSOC9: by @wsoctv Via
night! tomorrow amazing be will Apprentice
anyone? warming Global spell. snow and cold record zero below degrees 25 Wow
win? to like you do Who there. be will cast Entire night. tomorrow live be will .#Celebrityapprentice
tonight! attending to forward look I Live Night Saturday of host former a As
WARMING? GLOBAL is hell the Where snow. of amounts massive and temperatures low Record
http://t.co/lpyCF5De5H Ethics” Public on Commission Joint against lawsuit wins Trump “Donald @klnynews: by @NYDailyNews Via
http://t.co/lpyCF5De5H @AGSchneiderman.” with battle his in Donald the for one “Score
@ForbesInspector ratings Five-Star Forbes your on @TrumpToronto @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpChicago @TrumpNewYork to Congratulations
http://t.co/iuZM2VkVvm @nbcsnl show. great a be will it sure am I night. Sunday on Live Night Saturday attending to forward look I
@ApprenticeNBC like? you do Who @LeezaGibbons? or @GeraldoRivera choose. to going I’m who know don’t still I
PM 8 at night Monday @ApprenticeNBC of finale live the for back be will cast entire The
returns cast Apprentice.Full Celebrity of winner the become will who determine will night Monday on show live hour Two .#CelebrityApprentice
http://t.co/53SRcOPW9R" in... stands Trump J. Donald @DraftWalker16 record college @ScottWalker's of defense in stands @RealDonaldTrump
STANDARD’"http://t.co/AmWWjaeh3f ‘DOUBLE A COLLEGE WALKER’S SCOTT INTO INVESTIGATION MSM TRUMP: "DONALD @mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
http://t.co/oTAPeDSyJd @britneyspears With #TBT
level. highest the at do can you what show to opportunity an as day each See Entrepreneurs:
better. even is significance with Success good. is Success Entrepreneurs:
count. work your Make with. associated be to proud be will you what on Work Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/tG2vpj00sV history. fantastic a with world the of palazzos great the of one is Beach Palm in Mar-a-Lago
http://t.co/4z0jCH7PmE course. a of masterpiece Nicklaus--a Jack by designed and Beach Palm to close is Jupiter Club Golf National Trump
LIVE! telecast be will Show night? Monday on Apprentice Celebrity win should Who
enough! is years 35 - now Fame of Hall the into Rose Pete Let
http://t.co/nT7zundGmV Extraordinary! miles. 2.5 for Clare County in Ocean Atlantic the fronts Ireland Hotel &amp; Links Golf Int'l Trump
short! yourself sell Don't best. your done you've that or already all it done you've think ever Don't Entrepreneurs:
surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's choice. healthy a is it acknowledging and ego an Having Entrepreneurs:
attitude! empowering very a It's yourself. for responsibility Take decisions. own your make but others from learn and Listen Entrepreneurs:
… http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU Beautiful! River. Potomac the overlooking acres 600 on situated is D.C. Washington Club Golf National Trump
court! hold again never will He irrelevant. totally become now has is he think people that guy nice the not is who Williams Brian
correct! me proven has he Now past. his at look is do to have you all - guy smart very a not was Williams Brian that stated long have I
@Algemeiner via http://t.co/r9fAKxOMrn Award’” ‘Liberty @Algemeiner’s the Receiving for @foxandfriends on Congratulated Trump “Donald
http://t.co/qOFWXjGQwb Office” Oval the and Vaccines Salt Snow on Trump “Donald @lilsarg: by @BostonDotCom Via
effort. concentrated your of 100% than less nothing requires successful Being focused. totally Be Entrepreneurs:
it. at successful be to doing you're what love to have passionate--you Be Entrepreneurs:
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/XrlwgxESCO Two” Are There Now And Diary: “@ApprenticeNBC @GeraldoRivera: by @foxnewslatino Via
Forbes Malcolm -- insight. is vision best The
@davidaxelrod country. our bankrupted effectively have will Obama presidency his of end the by $21T topping debt America's With
Waste harder! MUCH David stammering hit have should Bill book. rate third his sell to time much so @davidaxelrod give @oreillyfactor did Why
boring! deal big no but - me to pertains it as inaccurate is it but book second Obama the than better is book your hope I .@davidaxelrod
me! not laws bankruptcy the using about talking when more many and Caesars Kravis Black Leon Zell Sam Icahn Buffet use .@davidaxelrod
bankrupt! went never I charity. his to contribution big a made I after even me hit dog the and @oreillyfactor on @davidaxelrod Watched
#CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. tonight’s during tweeting live doing be will I request your At
#CelebApprentice NBC. on PM 8 it! love will tonight—you @ApprenticeNBC watch to forget Don’t
http://t.co/tG6pSSL3oG Imagination" Kerry's John in Only ISIS Defeating US Trump: "Donald @wandacarruthers: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/mZ79oKpmFz forward” U.S. lead could “Trump Dunn: Eugene By @WashTimes Via
8:00. at tonight Watch season. successful very and wonderful a of end the nearing is Apprentice Celebrity
@KCCINews via "http://t.co/gy2CcmoJfk Iowa to return plans Trump "Donald
http://t.co/gMhWHPcheI @TheCitadelOEA" at Donald "The @postandcourier: Via
Williams! Brian for over take will Rosie predict I Now right. was and View the at fail would O'Donnell Rosie predicted I
Williams! Brian irrelevant now for over taking be will Press the Meet with badly so failed has who Todd Chuck Eyes Sleepy that is Word
http://t.co/kHpDlUqNhL Mojo” 2016 Him Gives Brand “Trump's @dpatten32: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/XBEDmhDQkI FEAR?'" it 'Is or Trump’ Donald Hate You ‘Only Post; Washington "Hey @kwrcrow: By
http://t.co/g2jvQaM1ta #FlashbackFriday Reagan President Birthday Happy
rules. the makes gold the has who He negotiation: of rule golden The
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look Entrepreneurs:
Trump C. Fred -- out." get and right done it get done it get in "Get success: for formula step 4 father's My
Franklin Benjamin -- interest. best the pays knowledge in investment An
http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46 so. rightly and ... course legendary A Scotland. Turnberry Club Golf Int'l Trump
@CPACnews http://t.co/mhaQFB4Lyh CPAC” AT SPEAK TO TRUMP DONALD — “EXCLUSIVE @mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
@Algemeiner via http://t.co/pBBxb1p2ga Gala” 100' ‘Jewish Annual Second at @YuliEdelstein Trump Donald @Joan_Rivers Honors “@Algemeiner
checks. reality of lot a with thinking positive it call I optimist. cautious a Be Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/SC14Okocf0 radar" presidential the buzzes Trump "Mr. Times Washington The Via
diligence. due your Do market. the about think to have important--you very something requires product a Having Entrepreneurs:
leverage. ultimate the is Brainpower Entrepreneurs:
Einstein Albert -- longer. problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not It's
http://t.co/2POo2ywnpt video- the watch #AskTheDonald- latest the in questions fan's Facebook my answered just I
http://t.co/794zKuRRAN Gala” @Algemeiner Headline @MelRivers Trump “Donald @Bshapiro91: by @NewYorkObserver Via
http://t.co/KlRqulgPmi Canada. of all in #1 Toronto. Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
https://t.co/ut5S45g1H7 décor” home of collection exclusive an launch to lifestyle with partners home “Trump @Zawya: Via
saying… been long have I as Just http://t.co/3SPeAAOLwM Unemployment” 5.6% Lie: Big “The Clifton: Jim CEO @Gallup by piece opinion read Must
short. yourself sell Don't success. breeds success as just discovery breeds Discovery curious. Be Entrepreneurs:
yourself! for responsibility Take level. highest the at do can you what show to opportunity an as day each See Entrepreneurs:
there. always are opportunities The explore. and seek out Reach yourself. limit or on blinders put Don't Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH restaurant. signature its Sixteen has as accolades &amp; awards many won has Chicago Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
http://t.co/XovcybFo0P Beautiful. Design. Signature Nicklaus Jack A soon. open will NY Bronx the in Point Ferry at Links Golf Trump
up. wake to us for Time alive. people burning and people beheading is ISIS enemy our as waterboarding about worried We’re
http://t.co/TIYjdTG1Aa Emphasizes” @ApprenticeNBC That Entrepreneurs for Lessons “8 : @MDMSEO by @Entrepreneur Via
http://t.co/JTpiV2Ve2e contestants- fired but wonderful three With #CelebApprentice
http://t.co/2lPE4zsNWo Travelers! Business for Hotels US 10 Top @CNTraveler’s in named being for @TrumpNewYork Congratulations
http://t.co/pYtkbyKwt5 setting! fantastic A River. Potomac the fronting acres beautiful 600 on is D.C. Washington Club Golf National Trump
forward. moving keep and problems expect to Learn perspective. in things Keep catastrophe? a or blip a problem the Is Entrepreneurs:
score. final the not card score a be can it line: bottom the always not is Money Entrepreneurs:
good. some do will it where earth to down it bring and work the do focus you until vision remains Vision Entrepreneurs:
U.S. to danger Great so. think don't I vaccinated? country our into pouring illegals the all Are
Amnesty! Defund Purse! of Power the Use - Congress http://t.co/udlYbnZgWZ Price” Any At Amnesty Obama's “President @IBDeditorials: READ MUST
8:00. at tonight EVER episode Apprentice Best
https://t.co/YoNf60s0lm at Trump Vote Again! Great America Make together Let’s
http://t.co/GeZdAl83Qi Trump" Donald from learned I that loyalty about lessons "3 @BrandonSawalich: by @bizjournals Via
@ApprenticeNBC tv. on it like nothing see will ever—you best the is Apprentice Celebrity of episode o’clock 8 tonight's Remember
Ocean--spectacular!http://t.co/lydaXl5hOU Pacific the overlooking Peninsula Verdes Palos the on Angeles Los Club Golf National Trump
worth. net your expanding you're time same the at horizons your expanding by big think to Remember Entrepreneurs:
yourself. protecting of way effective cost a is attention Paying Entrepreneurs:
victorious! as yourself See chance. a have won't losing and winning on mind your Set Entrepreneurs:
it! miss Don't life. in lesson great a has it ever episode best the only not is @ApprenticeNBC of episode Tonight's
http://t.co/0QuJxWs7Qh Out” Dropping Romney for Credit Takes DJT Choker': a Always Choker a “'Once @FoxNewsInsider int. @foxandfriends My
process! thought Same FOOTBALL. OF HISTORY THE IN PLAY DUMBEST the as down go will what in called that Obama President been have must It
yard? one for times three ball the run to him allowing not for moron a coach some call and speak now will Lynch Marshawn if wonder I
B! COACH going Great football! of history the in play DUMBEST was pass Seahawks ever! best is Brady - won Patriots that Love
http://t.co/nfeuo3B7si it" prove to have he'll but - run POTUS about serious Trump says Iowan "North Skipper: John by @globegazette Via
Apprentice! Celebrity of EVER episode best - 8:00 at night Monday to forward more even looking but Bowl Super the to forward looking I'm
http://t.co/nTDJxommxP Look" Winner Pageant Beauty Nails Crown $300000 2014's @MissUniverse Wears @eonline:"@IvankaTrump Via
Mercader Virnelli by @ChristianPost via http://t.co/hwYuTtZrhL Feud” @ApprenticeNBC Talk @KenyaMoore “@BrandiGlanville
@ssfitzgerald by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/igRdlxOVzh Out” Dropping Romney for Credit' Full Take Will 'I Trump: “Donald
Thanks. Again! Great America Make to order in Trump Donald for vote and @oreillyfactor to go can you hope I
@oreillyfactor vote they hope I Patti Thanks @Patti_Page
Ford Henry -- right. you're can't you think or can you think you Whether
win! will we run—and to Trump and out drop to Bush get is do to have we all gone is Mitt that Now
right. he’s yeah said again—everybody it do would and – “choked” Mitt proclaimed broadly I When
soon. time any Trump endorsing be won’t he like race—looks the of out dropping Romney Mitt for credit full take will I
Williams E. Wayne by @MiamiHerald via http://t.co/AXCrJhL1RX Trump?” “President
fiasco first his after chance second a given been have would never he because but to-- had he because thing—not right the did Mitt
anyway. won have wouldn’t right—Mitt are they &amp; credit take to going is Trump Donald that is news bad the saying is Everyone
http://t.co/Lkk5y2EQwb City” the to Key Trump Donald Give to Emergency Declares Mayor “Doral : @Munzenrieder by @MiamiNewTimes Via
http://t.co/aF5XY8Xu3p city fantastic a in landmark new a be will Vancouver Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
with. associated be to proud be will you what on Work better. even is significance with Success good. is Success Entrepreneurs:
it. establish then and standard that Identify known? be to want you which for standard the is What Entrepreneurs:
. winner a be you'll and together courage and patience Put courage. requires action patience requires Knowledge Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/cKjqFaOmbD Factor'” 'The and politics presidential Trump “Donald @oreillyfactor: @FoxNews’ on int. My
http://t.co/nl4CTl2yIx Traveler Nast Europe/Conde in Resort #1 is &amp; Ocean Atlantic the fronts Clare County in Ireland Links Golf Int'l Trump
@TripAdvisor! on Hotel Honolulu #1 the as months consecutive 51 celebrating @TrumpWaikiki to Congrats
http://t.co/z3WJymkVDy Meyers Jim by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/KKNzwK4kKM Response" Greatest Drew Speech Trump Iowa: from "Fallout
http://t.co/XUpoNpkRfC Other" Each at Digs After Up Make @oreillyfactor "Trump @Newsmax_Media: Via
http://t.co/Lc5VxAKh6K FIELD" GOP 2016 ENTIRE FIRES TRUMP "DONALD @THESHARKTANK1: by @BreitbartNews Via
diligence! due your Do surprise. by taken being beats sure ready being But guarantees. no are There Entrepreneurs:
up! give don't and in give Don't winner. a being of part big a is stubborn Being Entrepreneurs:
standard! the Set forward. move and apply Listen momentum. your keep and focus your Keep Entrepreneurs:
enemies enuf have insulted.We were they but Arabia Saudi in scarf a wear to refused Obama Mrs. that wonderful was it saying are people Many
Joe! Thanks @JoeWMiller
@SarahPalinUSA bad! too direction wrong in heading be must Show journalism. deceptive very and bad - .@oreillyfactor
on! not were we but watch to people get to tease long day in us used @oreillyfactor that stated she when correct 100% was .@SarahPalinUSA
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/oC3ku4IHvI Hopeful” Presidential GOP of Stances Political 7 2016: Trump “Donald
business. good That's personally. things take don't but personable be smart be tough Be Entrepreneurs:
it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't Entrepreneurs:
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/otmD9WVZov Awards! #TravelersChoice @TripAdvisor's by Panama in Hotel Top #5 ranks @TrumpPanama order! in are Congratulations
http://t.co/KCj2P1v9aJ gum! chewing stop Obama- #TrumpVlog
Trump C. Fred doing." you're what about can you everything Trump"Know MacLeod Mary -- yourself." to true be and God in parents:"Trust My
http://t.co/iNyM2MoQUy goods the deliver to continues .@TrumpCollection
me! but else everyone about talked show—then the promote to pre-ads in league big name my used @oreillyfactor Surprise
http://t.co/2nNFF6cwlI wrong??? what's #Ghostbusters- and #IndianaJones
us." ain't they because us hate "They http://t.co/57TclNsHg5 field" GOP over towers Trump "Donald Medford: Dunn R. Eugene by @njdotcom Via
@BNorthey @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @KimReynoldsIA @TerryBranstad http://t.co/5bDsBUkjOH Rally” Value Farmland on Up' Give 'Never “Trump:
win. I'll run I if Actually far." go should Donald” "The http://t.co/wbFc2B3QQn Again!” 'LYING' caught Post “NY @kwrcrow: By
people! great two - @KellyandMichael on go to ready Getting
"bull." said enemies my Even Iowa. in hit big my about reporting false Such Trump. Donald like don't @nypost the and Murdoch Rupert guess I
Sad. speech! best O standing house Packed Iowa. in me covered they when lied really have they but @nypost the liked always have I Wow
9:00. at LIVE do to @ABC to over Going
http://t.co/FvI4vg56HB Todd" Chuck 'Moron' Than Host Press' the 'Meet Better Be I'd "Trump: @Newsmax_Media: Via
http://t.co/1GgrePGJLM List: Hotels Best @USNewsTravel's made who properties @TrumpCollection 7 the to Congratulations
terrific! were you thought people there--my you having nice was It Mar-a-Lago? enjoy you did How .@Lord_Sugar
https://t.co/1CnDFBN175 Right" is Trump Donald "Why @JeffJlpa1: by @ConservReview Via
years! 10 next especially busy too Just now. on is who moron the replace and Press the Meet host should I that me told have people many So
@NBCNews smash! Eyesa Sleepy of instead Press the Meet hosted I If ratings. big get always I hit. Big = Universe Miss hit. big = Apprentice
@nbc ruins! in franchise bombed He Press. the Meet at else someone for placeholder a only was Todd Chuck eyes sleepy that convinced am I
storm. "massive" the with out helping of means a as City York New in law martial declare to wants leader great our Obama President
winner! a have I Sunday. on one number - demos key all in won it that show Pageant Universe Miss the for ratings final the Wow
money! and energy time of waste a What forecast. as bad as nearly not was century" the of "storm the usual As
http://t.co/zufZfBxOw2 now! right starts @ApprenticeNBC new All
NOW! on Apprentice Celebrity Watch
it! miss don't - minutes 15 in Apprentice Celebrity
tweet. live will I crazy! and vicious Totally 8. at tonight Apprentice Celebrity of episodes ever best the of Two
it? need you when warming global is hell the Where
http://t.co/mbnmf8D8jI win? to how idea no has who loser a is he know they when contributions @KarlRove give people do Why
http://t.co/12InRskWGn race single a win didn’t &amp; 2012 in $400M spent @KarlRove
http://t.co/12InRskWGn clue. a have doesn’t He @KarlRove. in invest Don’t $. your $ave
http://t.co/vguST5ZWN6 course: #RedTiger new brand @TrumpDoral's of opening the highlights .@VenueMagazine_
http://t.co/kxlJXl69SD night! wonderful a and win big A great! were ratings .@MissUniverse
http://t.co/ncZ1WXLk4R Iowa” Talks Trump Politics: on :“@brentroske @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/hR6kBhUwBS Awards #TravelersChoice @TripAdvisor's by Canada in Hotel Luxury #1 named being for @TrumpToronto for honor huge A
@DRUDGE_REPORT) on (Hyperlinked http://t.co/nYWN56ZY7T Again” Great America Make Can I Trump: “Donald @rwildewrites: by @BreitbartNews Via
tweeting! live be will I EPISODES. AMAZING TWO - tonight Apprentice the for ready Get
http://t.co/gphFqf57fS @GavinDeGraw and @PrinceRoyce @NickJonas by performances with 8/7c at tonight Pageant #MissUniverse the miss Don't
Berry Susan Dr. by @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/U40UQ0UvGl Disaster'" 'a Core Common of Support Bush's Jeb Trump: "Donald
http://t.co/S27VscBx6x Bush" Jeb Romney Mitt slams Trump "Donald Schapiro: Rich by @NYDailyNews Via
loser! real a He's lows. record setting are Press the Meet on ratings his that in Todd Chuck eyes sleepy firing is @NBCNews that is Word
@FoxNews via http://t.co/AbTlpRupej Summit Freedom Iowa @Citizens_United @SteveKingIA yesterday’s at speech My
http://t.co/iNaq5E1whS @TrumpDoral at friends and .@MannyPacquiao
http://t.co/ubqpHOogI8 FENCE” BORDER A OF BEAUTY’ ‘A BUILD CAN LIE’ ‘FILTHY A OBAMACARE SUMMIT: AT TRUMP “DONALD @BreitbartNews: Via
https://t.co/afpHEU9f9c People’” of Lot a ‘Surprise to Promises Trump Iowa “In @tdopp: by @bpolitics Via
@NBCNews via http://t.co/lbz0lKyOb8 Bid” Presidential a Considering' 'Seriously “Trump:
Chakraborty Barnini by @FoxNews via http://t.co/i5sBC2IcqB 2016” in win would Romney Bush way’ ‘No “Trump:
http://t.co/ovXnPEKEji speech” Iowa during show TV not but career business touts “Trump @okayhenderson: by @RadioIowa Via
success! great a on @Citizens_United &amp; @David_Bossie to congrats &amp; Summit Freedom IA the at introduction kind the for @SteveKingIA to Thanks
http://t.co/ZnT7ayNBiC Bush'" be can’t Mitt be ‘can’t nominee GOP Trump: "Donald @timdevaney: by @thehill Via
http://t.co/4imrHjWe8f again" great America make can I "Trump: @WilliamPetroski: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/xVUzP1Z6lT Trump'" Like 'Nobody Has GOP Says Bush; Romney Blasts "Trump @rickklein: by @ABCPolitics Via
https://t.co/TYomVUJV0V 8PM! at NBC on tomorrow Pageant @MissUniverse Annual 63rd the Watch
http://t.co/aXJDfrfreR Iowa- in #TheBachelor from @C_Soules With
http://t.co/gN47z0KfFU summit" Iowa at memorabilia Trump out hand to "Trump @JenniferJJacobs: by @DMRegister Via
@GeoffEarle by @nypost via http://t.co/rJTW8B5BYN contender" 2016 possible as Romney on rails "Trump
http://t.co/KVNfjCh9Yx Obama'" against race the won would've 'I "Trump: @JenniferJJacobs: by @DMRegister Via
Einstein Albert -- else. anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have You
http://t.co/wQSIPBlv3o #SaveCulzean sad. very be will @CulzeanCastle historic of windfarms by views blighted the $50 below oil With
http://t.co/BBIHXXKCCf @PeoplesCompany honor. great My only. room Iowa--standing in @LandExpo for leaving Just
live. hours Two well. so doing is it because shows two by @ApprenticeNBC the of run the extend to want @nbc--they by informed been Just
https://t.co/ekhGeX278r @TrumpDoral- at stay amazing their review contestants @MissUniverse The
http://t.co/a2hpUlMF5K win? should think you do Costume National Which
http://t.co/yuJgB7yWGJ win? should think you do Costume National Which
http://t.co/oORVufxeWL win? should think you do Costume National Which
http://t.co/JUIOe6lRvs win? should think you do Costume National Which
http://t.co/VeBBOZPVRU Nicholson Jack actor wonderful the With #TBT
http://t.co/bQkfZl7f5G win? should think you do Costume National Which
responsible. you're happens Whatever charge. in you're that Realize you. with starts Everything Entrepreneurs:
doing. you're what into got you've everything Put direction. right the in you focus will This victorious. as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
you. to presents imagination your what execute to intelligence your Use imagination. your Use Entrepreneurs:
--@AGSchneiderman? crook bigger far a arresting they aren’t Why York. New in Silver Shelly pol arrested just They
http://t.co/zgePWOXoI6 @RobbReport - dining fine of evolution the explores @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago menu winter new The
truthful! concise job—smart great a did He conference. news Belichick’s Bill @Patriots watched Just
Eliot S. T. -- go. can one far how out find possibly can far too going risk will who those Only
Twain Mark -- started. getting is ahead getting of secret The
http://t.co/hotvBiBizM menswear in style tops the offers @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump The best! your Dress
AMNESTY! STOP purse. the of power the use Congress
senator. great a be will Joni response. #SOTU her in message conservative strong a delivering on @joniernst to Congratulations
http://t.co/MO4yzO2aSD sinister?” more something or incompetence of result the Benghazi Was “Trump: @Mellyora13: by @examinercom Via
http://t.co/Zo80gO5Zrn Candidates” @MissUniverse 2014 Latina The “Meet @CaritoJuliette: by @LatinoVoices Via
http://t.co/WIH8gDAyuH here @ApprenticeNBC of season 14th setting record the from highlights watch to sure Be
#SCTeaParty15 http://t.co/2OlmwXgruv Beach Myrtle in Convention Party Tea Carolina South the at Monday past this speech my ICYMI
@PeoplesCompany http://t.co/BBIHXXKCCf crowd sellout Expo—total Investment Land Iowa the at speaking &amp; attending to forward look I
http://t.co/W8lWq9C5Qs #MissUniverse #TrumpVlog fighting!" more "no Lebanon- Miss and Israel Miss
mess! a What die! quickly will Scotland in built being windfarms ugly the prices oil new on Based
bust! be now would they oil $150 - $100 on predicated independent gone have would Scotland If
http://t.co/Nrtr5BWurc people! great two @apprenticenbc- from @lorenzolamas and @shawnjohnson With
Tune-in! #CelebApprentice. talking I’m @ExtraTV on Tonight
year! this again Award Diamond Five @AAANews the receiving for @SixteenChicago and @TrumpChicago to Congratulations
http://t.co/Em7bgj10SM @ApprenticeNBC on rivalries contestant &amp; @Joan_Rivers discussing @TODAYshow on int. @IvankaTrump’s ICYMI
http://t.co/PmGTzqYROg contestants- the for question final your submit page Facebook @MissUniverse the on Tomorrow
http://t.co/oCV2lvqZqf properties: @TrumpCollection our from ideas travel spring of list Great
http://t.co/FU98Rn59T6 run” presidential to thought’ ‘serious Giving Trump: “Donald @AP: by @thestate Via
http://t.co/F5Q4a2RgoZ boardroom! great night's last from ivankatrump and Rivers Joan With
@fitsnews via http://t.co/8KjL74PaNe Fired'" 'You’re Romney: Mitt To Trump "Donald
https://t.co/fSb6yvEqUY Convention" Party Tea Carolina South the at 757 Trump’s Donald "Aboard @Griffin by @BPolitics Via
@TSN_MPrabhu by @myrbeachonline via http://t.co/HbeF6TD2A8 Trump” Donald from speech convention Monday from Highlights TALK: “TEA
http://t.co/QIneOOZUqz 2016" for map on Party Tea puts Trump "Donald @wmbfnews: Via
@myrbeachonline via Party"http://t.co/mxogYWkq8z Tea at "Trump
now! starting episode New
@WCBD via Beach"http://t.co/Gg0Evnb5FR Myrtle in Convention Party Tea SC for arrives "Trump
@mboyle1 by @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/DIMQdF1nxC CAROLINA" SOUTH IN BUSH ROMNEY SLAMS DONALD THE 2016 OF AHEAD TRUMP: FORCE "AIR
GREAT! WAS JOAN tweeting. live be will I 8:00. at tonight Apprentice The on Rivers Joan
http://t.co/52xCeywzZp Convention” Coalition Party Tea SC ever largest up wrap names @JoelAllenWPDE:“Big by @CarolinaLive Via
convention"http://t.co/b3HWGXEkXu Party Tea SC at POTUS becoming for case states Trump "Donald @TSN_MPrabhu: by @myrbeachonline Via
minutes! five in .@foxandfriends
show! great a on puts Rivers Joan 8:00. at tonight interesting and exciting very be will Apprentice The
Enjoy! 7:00. at morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on be will I
crowd! sellout total a tomorrow Carolina South in being to forward look I
http://t.co/X3UZtSil1G return" @ApprenticeNBC in 'vibrant' 'strong' as @Joan_Rivers praises Trump "Donald @DaveWalkerTV: by @NOLAnews Via
@wyffnews4 via http://t.co/0ja1yS3gXO Convention” Party Tea SC headline to Trump “Donald
http://t.co/I63Pftqv7e S.C." BEACH MYRTLE IN LANDING SPLASHY PLANS DONALD THE - Party (Tea) To How Knows Trump "Donald @fitsnews: Via
AMAZING! Apprentice. the on advisor my as role major a plays Rivers Joan wonderful Our television. see must be will 8:00 at night Monday
http://t.co/wjHC5mCCmW Contestants” @MissUniverse “2014 @BrettMalec: by @eonline Via
@YahooNews via http://t.co/WyXHzutGI6 down” winds reign her as reflects Isler Gabriela @MissUniverse Interview: “@AP
http://t.co/CsIF8RP7qe Verdes” Palos in Conservation for Acres 12 Donate to “Trump Austin: Paige by @PVPatch Via
@TMZ_Sports via http://t.co/QlOqezDqrt @BrooklynNets” the Buying Not I'm Trump: “Donald
Monday! on SC visiting to forward Looking http://t.co/kTuSn6eSEs Beach" Myrtle in Convention Party Tea headlines Trump "Donald @WTOC11: Via
@MyNewsLA via Verdes"http://t.co/l7FFgaMOqW Palos in group conservation to land donates Trump "Donald
@meg_barnes by @DailyBreezeNews http://t.co/nP5Y2OB4X4 space” open recreational for Verdes Palos Rancho ac.in 11.5 over turns Trump “Donald
http://t.co/fsApohRoYP Hope” Great Nation's the “Trump Dunn: Eugene by @NYDailyNews Via
8:00 at night Monday Next GREAT! does and is she and stars Rivers for....Joan waiting been has everyone that Apprentice the of episode The
did. just Caesars company gaming preeminent the WOW but bankruptcy for filed never I say to like losers and haters the what Despite
@CBSSports by @KylePorterCBS via http://t.co/4piSTXG0G7 @TrumpDoral” Trump Donald with golf contestants @MissUniverse “WATCH:
http://t.co/qkMriOTcWb 3:20PM! at Monday on Beach Myrtle in Convention Party Tea Carolina South the keynoting to forward Looking
http://t.co/6LeLOsU9Rm Donald" The “Only @LINKSMagazine: Via
success! no money no - folded have would magazine the waited just have would Hebdo Charlie at people those of all killed who morons the If
broke! also was Charlie bankrupt. went and nasty and dishonest very was that Spy magazine rag "satirical" the of me reminds Hebdo Charlie
http://t.co/XOEi6MH1Te March” Anti-Terror Paris Snubbing For Kerry Biden Obama Torched Just Trump How See “WATCH: @beforeitsnews: Via
photos. great more for @TrumpGolf Follow http://t.co/6Vf0rgkZmM @TrumpDoral- at course Tiger Red new The
http://t.co/x4if2jatZa @MissUniverse &amp; DC Int’l firingsTrump @ApprenticeNBC's on w/@ThomasARoberts int. @waytooearly @IvankaTrump’s ICYMI
@DailyMailCeleb via http://t.co/GCz1z0XxqB of@MissUniverse” ahead Trump w/Donald golf enjoys @Tegan__Martin buddy! golfing list “A
http://t.co/xossBgxzTd boardroom. night's last from Photo #CelebApprentice
@DaltonRoss by @ew via http://t.co/WtBjUyWPhr are...” celebrities fired the And “@NBCApprentice:
http://t.co/nlRAkKtbeg Invitational” Trump the trumps nothing Beach Palm “In @JoanieCox: by @SunSentinel Via
@PJMedia_com via http://t.co/MOxUQlWG0X putt.” ft. 3 the sink can't golfers Chance’:Some Another Him Give Can’t Just ‘You Romney: on “Trump
http://t.co/GNJpH4qGml Course” Golf Tiger Red @TrumpDoral Renovated Unveils “Trump @LisaPetrillo: by @CBSmiami Via
episodes! new more 2 for 8pm at Monday next in -tune episode exciting Another #CelebApprentice
won? think you do who #CelebApprentice
teams/PMs? new the of think you do What #CelebApprentice
tonight! firing more one have we half 2nd the for tuned stay #CelebApprentice
happens! what see and Watch #CelebApprentice” it say just it Say ... who who who @realDonaldTrump “@HoganSeaisle129:
night. the of firing first the for Time #CelebApprentice
#TeamInfinity? or #TeamVortex #CelebApprentice
no? or yes Selfies- #CelebApprentice
manager? project for choices the of think you do what #CelebApprentice
delivery. task the for locations NYC great have to sure make always We #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice go! Let's
ET. 8PM at @ApprenticeNBC new all tonight's during spoilers) tweeting(no live be will I #CelebApprentice
http://t.co/fBOrii03RW Rally” Unity Paris Skipping for Obama Slams Trump Leadership': No Have @FoxNewsInsider:“'We int.on @foxandfriends My
NBC! on ET 8PM at tonight @apprenticenbc new All Fired! Camera....You're Lights... http://t.co/COTHSIXaVJ
nomineehttp://t.co/ziooSi5VTO @GOP be shouldn't Romney why on f/@trumpdoral @ThomasARoberts &amp; @JoeNBC w/@morningmika int. @morning_joe My
http://t.co/wSO2JXaqF5 run” 2016 at seriously' 'very looking “Trump @HugginsRachel: by @thehill Via
tonight! Watch television. reality on ever thing wildest the maybe - crazy absolutely are Apprentice Celebrity on women the of Some
happens! what believe won't you Watch Apprentice. Celebrity of episode double a for one big really a is 8:00 at Tonight
Enjoy! P.M. 8:00 at Apprentice Celebrity and A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends Remember
7:00. at morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on be Will
happen! things incredible Some 8:00. at (Monday) night tomorrow Apprentice Celebrity of episodes amazing two for ready Get
escape? ever terrorist female the did how and happen all this let France did How communities. many into go to afraid are police French The
@ApprenticeNBC”http://t.co/rrYCPUvBiB on “@ShawnJohnson @DerekJ3031: by @WDesMoinesPatch Via
http://t.co/QHAkXuH8CC Convention” Party Tea SC the to address keynote deliver will Trump “Donald @elizabethk_wbtw: by @wbtwnews13 Via
@TheMattWilstein by @Mediaite via @geraldorivera’”http://t.co/evggsZMnZ1 ‘Fire Trump: Donald to “@Letterman
@Robin_Leach by @lasvegassun via http://t.co/knk0p9jFts @missuniverse” for ready is Nevada of Sanchez Nia “@MissUSA
Hopeful”http://t.co/uE5GCm5Npw Presidential GOP of Life Personal About Facts 8 2016: Trump “Donald @Newsmax_Media: Via
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look Entrepreneurs:
mind! open an Keep ideas. new to open being = innovative Being endeavor. creative a is Business Entrepreneurs:
effort. concentrated your of 100% work your Give doing. you're what about can you everything Know focused. totally Be Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/lguvcKtW0g night- last from @Letterman on appearance my Watch
Ford Henry -- right. you're thing a do can't you think or thing a do can you think you If
BEST! time all our of one - you of proud all are we job Great .@ximenaNR
on! am I - tonight Letterman David watch to want may You
Attack"http://t.co/4YkDDwRdu1 Enabled Laws Gun Strict France's Trump: "Donald @melaniebatley: by @Newsmax_Media Via
guns. have always will criminals The violence. more the laws gun the tighter the – Fact
@DalaiLama - gun.” own your with back shoot to reasonable be would it you... kill to trying is and gun a has someone if “But
https://t.co/qZ2VZtQGuP Dinner Gala @Algemeiner the at award Israel’ of ‘Friend prestigious the with honored being to forward Looking
http://t.co/K6oPtN6JFo range driving double-sided &amp; 71 par 7205-yard a feature will Dubai Club Golf Int’l yearTrump this completed be To
http://t.co/3fqxyrH1U0 Succeed” to Terrorists Allowed Control Gun French Trump: “Donald Cohen: Moshe by @ArutzSheva_En Via
@LateShow time. great a Always watch! to sure Be tonight. @letterman on be will I
http://t.co/MgWZnXvqME Mar-a-Lago. at Jones Lee Tommy With #TBT
Churchill Winston -- life. your in sometime something for up stood you've means That Good. enemies? have You
http://t.co/prXk25MSc1 far’” by meanest ‘the contestants @ApprenticeNBC “Trump: @StarrMSS: by @nypost Via
http://t.co/p1kwvR3Bzg Trump" Donald Thinks Out “Nobody @nbc: via again online 2 episode @ApprenticeNBC Watch
fast! some need we warming global is hell the where - world and country the over all cold record It's
tight! sleep everyone Goodnight
country. our at look just --- ACTION! NO TALK ALL are Politicians
already! enough - time the all on is that commercial Bear Smokey tedious that for paying is Who
brave! so usually is media The why? wonder I Gee pictures. "satirical" the showing are organizations news no Almost
time). all maybe (and Year the of Renovation Best - Doral National Trump of review nice really the for @GolfMagazine thank to like would I
@timmcginniswpde by @CarolinaLive via http://t.co/hBAIOXUTgf event” Beach Myrtle at Coalition Party Tea SC address to Trump “Donald
Convention”http://t.co/cMriNEirEU Party Tea SC at speaking prospects 2016 other joins Trump “Donald @andyshain: by @thestate Via
guns! have will outlaws only outlawed are guns when Remember
world? the in countries control gun toughest the of one in place took Paris in tragedy the that interesting it Isn’t
chance. fighting a had have would they least at guns had Paris in down shot violently so people the If
Caucus. Israel Republican House the co-chair and Comm. Affairs Foreign House to named being @leezeldin Congressman new to Congratulations
up! wake and Paris at Look Gitmo?! from worst the of worst the release to continue Obama does Why
Paris. in attack terrorist the of victims the to prayers and condolences My
@azcentral via http://t.co/h7pVSrSxhU @Joan_Rivers” late the to tribute pay Trumps “The
Kizzy”http://t.co/KC3CQ6QVpq Kamp @peachespulliam’S To $25K DONATES Trump Donald + Screening Private A Attends “@msvivicafox @TheYBF: Via
http://t.co/Jtut7sRCNX Convention" Party Tea Carolina South Address To Trump "Exclusive: @mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
Ford Henry - intelligently.” more time this again begin to opportunity the simply is “Failure
Carolina… South regarding soon coming announcement Big
http://t.co/0hitA7wzRe People'” At Crazy Go Him Seen 'I've Name. @terrellowens' Up Mess Don't Trump: “Donald @TMZ_Sports: Via
premiums. rising pay &amp; doctors their lose to continue Americans while veto will Obama ObamaCare. repeal must Congress
http://t.co/7u8fEHEg4o @ApprenticeNBC” on @ShawnJohnson defeat can't cycle' “'Moon @newsmanone: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/f7oPZEBUVs Trump'” Donald Thinks Out 'Nobody “recap: @DaltonRoss: by @EW Via
http://t.co/jBPL1wWf1i greens island w/two masterpiece hole 18 An @TrumpDoral. Tiger Red the of unveiling week’s next to forward Looking
job! great a done having and inauguration today's on @FLGovScott to Congrats
premiere. slot regular our in 24% grew &amp; demos the all topped @ApprenticeNBC night’s last fans &amp; viewers loyal our to Thanks
agree! I .@JuddApatow
@PeoplesCompany @LandExpo venue. out crowd—sold Record 23. Jan. on Iowa in Expo Investment Land the to going to forward look I
http://t.co/BE5L0yHJ3S NYC- in estate real spectacular our of some and @Mgriffithnyc @TrumpIntRealty's about more Learn
fired. been have not would he in Lorenzo brought he Had boardroom. the into person wrong the brought he but great was .@kevinjonas
show. night Sunday the even than higher were ratings @ApprenticeNBC night Monday to switch the despite Wow
MINUTES! 5 - starts episode new this after Remember
tweeting! live be will I
ENJOY! NBC. on minutes 15 in starts Apprentice Celebrity
http://t.co/69Br0Caoee judges” 2015 @MissUniverse among “@MannyPacquiao @feminamissindia: Via
http://t.co/0Ld0z0FHju 24th January on Summit” Freedom “Iowa’s @SteveKingIA’s &amp; @Citizens_United at speaking to forward Looking
FUN! 49. - 18 night last ratings Great 9:00. &amp; 8:00 at on are Apprentice The of episodes third and second the (Monday) tonight Remember
http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk @ApprenticeNBC of premiere season 14th record night’s last of highlights the all watch can You
@nbc”http://t.co/8C3qcKbYbQ Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon TV @LATshowtracker:“Monday's @latimes’ Via
http://t.co/OGymqaoTcB @ApprenticeNBC” on Appearance During Warm' 'Very @Joan_RiversWas “@IvankaTrump: @amandamichl: by @peoplemag Via
http://t.co/GWYl31WsfP charity. her to $25K donate to honor an was It woman. wonderful a afternoon- this @TrumpTowerNY at .@peachespulliam
@NBC. on 8PM at tonight episodes new 2 watch forget Don't http://t.co/yHHeUbmACn @ApprenticeNBC- for ratings great Wow
8-10pm. from tonight again it do will I so tweeting live the with night last fun of lots had We #CelebApprentice
@NBC. on 9PM and 8PM at tonight on are @ApprenticeNBC of 3 and 2 episodes forget Don't
Apprentice! The including things many about talking be Will A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
great. both are They P.M. 8:00 at starting shows TWO nights (MONDAY) tomorrow tweeting LIVE be will I
charity. to money-goes for him asked have should still light.She to came revelations Cosby Bill terrible the before just taped was show This
television! of evening great a be Will boardrooms! two and episodes two for 9:00 and 8:00 at night tomorrow in Tune it. liked you Hope
far? so boardroom the like you do How
wild are people These CRAZY! gets boardroom This
far? so hate - like you do Who
special! is cast this and - years these all after exciting still It's
see! soon will You cast. and characters great truly - season special a be to going is This
NBC. on @ApprenticeNBC of premiere season the watch minutes- 30 than less In
http://t.co/eNuRYMhQwE NBC- on 9/8c at tonight returns @apprenticenbc #CelebApprentice
TELEVISION! OF EVENING GREAT A BE WILL IT 11. to 9 Tonight so. do will I twitter. on LIVE Apprentice The cover to me asking is Everyone
http://t.co/Z6XE3Ngz6D NBC. on 9/8c at tomorrow premieres @Apprenticenbc words? famous two those hear will Who #CelebApprentice
http://t.co/OZe2udeXYQ Sunday" Mar-a-Lago to returns prix grand “Show-jumping @soapbox1: by @ShinySheet Via
Prix! Grand Trump ann. 3rd Mar-a-Lago's http://t.co/KXzZhzQM7s year” showjumping off kick to Invitational Trump “Florida’s @HorsetalkNZ: Via
http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk 9/8c at @nbc on @ApprenticeNBC of premiere season 14th record tomorrow's during tweeting be will I demand popular By
http://t.co/eBsfcw5izR season 14th @ApprenticeNBC’s of premiere @nbc Sunday the discussing w/@IvankaTrump @EricKingNBC5 by int. @nbcdfw My
cast! amazing - season this great be will Apprentice Celebrity - TWITTER on 11) to (9 night Sunday on LIVE commenting be will I
waterboarding. about complain we And retribution! no weak was ending the thought I except good very -- "Unbroken" movie the saw just I
http://t.co/GD0xOaphnN @NBC- on 9/8c at Sunday this premiere season .@ApprenticeNBC
world in club best have to lucky so is Beach Palm hottest. the and biggest the there was Everybody tonight. amazing was Club Mar-a-Lago The
EVERYTHING! OF CARE TAKES WINNING remember always and smart be hard Work YEAR. NEW HAPPY losers and haters all including EVERYONE To
accomplish. finally you what by but undertake you much how by not measured you're end the In
there. be will energy the and love you that work Find nothing. have you energy without energy have don't you passion Without
pleasurable. more work your make Instead them. balance to trying stop pleasure and work 'balancing' in interested you're If
fate. of twist new each to reacts person a how is losers the from winners the separates What
war. the win to way new a find you battle a losing by Sometimes
@GOP! up Wake Clinton. a beat never will Bush A points. 13 by HRC to losing is Jeb electability? the Where’s
http://t.co/hotvBiBizM impress! to Dress styles. menswear all tops @Macys at available exclusively Collection Signature Trump The
http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk Boardroom... the in on Game @apprenticenbc! of premiere the with begin playoffs real the 9/8C at Sunday This
style! in season fantastic your finish and out Go Doral. National Trump at team GREAT your and you have to Great .@CoachDanMullen
momentum. build will That work. hard and perseverance through fruition to vision your Bring happen. never will it it see can’t you If
http://t.co/LTGlyfpMLz Micromanage?” To Not or Micromanage To – Trump “Donald @steelwire: by @Inc Via
@YahooTV via https://t.co/Cv2uncAuhw @ApprenticeNBC” of Season New 'Brutal' on Trump “Donald
http://t.co/fy8hH8k6KP light” green the get resort @TrumpTurnberry for plans grand “Trump’s @CarrGaz: Via
http://t.co/3UYaJoJAML D.C.” Washington Int’l Trump in restaurant open to “@chefjoseandres @NewsInTheBurg: Via
make. don't you ones the are investments best your Sometimes
big. think well as may you thinking be to going you're If
kicks. my get I how That's deals. big preferably deals making like I poetry. write or beautifully paint people Other form. art my are Deals
minutes. two in @foxandfriends
7:15. at @foxandfriends to in Tune fixed? be ever force police the and City York New of mayor the between relationship the Can
agree! and enjoy you Hope 7:15" at morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on be will I
place! beautiful more much a become will leadership great with World The life! and year day fantastic a have - all to Christmas Merry
happy! be will losers and haters the Even do. I if be will response the what wonder I President.Wow for run not will I think people many So
http://t.co/Yq2V2jtKR7 Positions” Political Key 7 2016: Trump “Donald Burke: Marie Alana by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/1tBH7N7pZ8 luxury in Year New the celebrate to location getaway perfect the is @TrumpPanama building tallest America’s Latin
gone! &amp; bloated pathetic looks sad-he very is him of picture the where Times York New failing the for advertisement an did Maher Bill Dummy
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation
it. with deal can you know dealt been you've Whatever power. own your negate Don't act. then and assess Absorb Entrepreneurs:
boss? the Who's problems. your than bigger be to Resolve faith. of opposite exact the is fear that Realize Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/u0L6WtBFvQ @TrumpDoral: at #CadillacChampionship 2015 the at performing @SantanaCarlos have to excited So
http://t.co/ELuHP4cdkC @BizBash: from 2014 of Openings Notable Most the of one named being for @TrumpDoral Congrats
http://t.co/6c3DgabGW8. offer 20% @TrumpSoHo’s using neighborhood hottest NYC's in holidays the for weekend perfect a Plan
responsible. you're happen doesn't it If responsible. you're happens Whatever Entrepreneurs:
you. to presents imagination your what execute to intelligence your Use imagination. your Use Entrepreneurs:
you. with starts Everything charge. in You're effort. group a not is entrepreneur an becoming that Realize Entrepreneurs:
minutes! two in @foxandfriends On
about! talk to Much 8:00. at - Monday - morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on interviewed be Will
Big! Think it. do can you yourself Push resolutions. 2015 your for goals exceptional set to sure Be
http://t.co/hnB4dNMm9T Run” Should Trump “Why @MattTowery: by @townhallcom Via
Disney Walt – doing.” begin and talking quit to is started get to way “The
trend? a Notice monstrosity. the legalized Justice Chief Bush’s ObamaCare. of architect the was Romney
-http://t.co/TJlwPJ891H @TrumpRink of Park Central in renovation my did I after Just #FlashbackFriday
result. different a expecting &amp; twice thing same the doing is insanity of definition The Bush. a defeated already Clinton A
security. national our for dangerous &amp; strange Very tyrants. awards he respect same the with @netanyahu @IsraeliPM treat would Obama only If
cops. our not but terrorists the to rights constitutional all give He’ll police. the to process due deny to wants now Obama
http://t.co/Jf3ywmViP2 Bush another need not do we why discussing interview @greta My
victory. trial Trump after fees legal me pay must library law Duke on name with Man … all after smart so Not
victory. trial Trump after fees legal in $400k to close me pay must plaintiffs Lauderdale Ft … settled have Should
victory. trial Trump after fees legal in $400k to close me pay must plaintiffs Lauderdale Ft again. … slaughtered get Pigs
Courage! No http://t.co/15uZBRW6ws hackers the to capitulated have not should Sony why discussing interview @greta my from clip Another
show! Wendy’s on going love Always http://t.co/AdHbeKY94J 2016 &amp; @ApprenticeNBC City Atlantic Sony re appearance @WendyWilliams My
@SonyPictures watch. to what us to dictate country foreign a let can’t we but garbage be may movie The
stupidity. for fired be should She Sharpton. Al Rev. by used totally was Sony of Pascal Amy
https://t.co/jUWa4GHqkR Outsiders” the and Bush “Jeb @JeffJlpa1: by article @ConservReview read Must
http://t.co/36jVpRC2oH resort” golf @TrumpTurnberry on overhaul £250million starts Trump “Donald @ScotlandNow: Via
http://t.co/NjRZJfw065 2016 &amp; economy estate real the discussing @TeamCavuto on @EricTrump with interview @foxbusiness Great
http://t.co/TbtxtxkJNY Avenue” Pennsylvania on digs new Trump’s Donald "Inside @jonkarl with interview Players' 'Power @Yahoo My
fireworks! Boardroom Major http://t.co/zvMHlm2Fy6 yet nastiest the is cast @ApprenticeNBC season’s 14th record the 4th Jan. Premiering
@AnthonyMaglio by @TheWrap via http://t.co/DrAVi9HRBD @MissUniverse” Annual 63rd Host to @ThomasARoberts “@NMoralesNBC
http://t.co/wVCbaJyl8S #Girlpower discussing @gma on interview @IvankaTrump watch Must
Bush &amp; Sony re @greta by 7 at tonight interviewed be Will
http://t.co/Z8Y0sTYcWl staple. holiday a 2 Alone Home of part being great is It #TBT
in! tune to sure Be tonight. @extratv co-hosting be I'll
http://t.co/OZSF416FOK environment. to death are turbines Wind tourism. &amp; beauty for Turnberry--great in @SaveCulzean support fully We
http://t.co/XUgYRjyy6T #GoldList2015! @CNTraveler's making for @TrumpSoHo Congratulations
http://t.co/eQDh4BkDHp speech- of freedom for day sad A #TheInterviewMovie #TrumpVlog
http://t.co/IuPYmgZwUi Bush'” Another Is Need We Thing 'Last Trump: “Donald @OwenTew: by @Newsmax_Media Via
Bushes! more No ObamaCare. legalize Roberts Justice having was gift last Bushes the economy our &amp; East Middle the destroying After
http://t.co/Vm6chhyqJJ varieties vinifera French of acres 200 with winery largest Virginia’s is @trumpwinery VA Charlottesville In
http://t.co/3W9wOf9W3X Need’" We Thing ‘Last the is Bush Jeb Says Trump "Donald @JordynPhelps: &amp; @jonkarl by @ABC Via
http://t.co/h1cfQkEmRQ @TrumpFerryPoint” Trump’s Donald at academy golf open to “@MichaelBreed @LukeKerrDineen: by @GolfDigest Via
http://t.co/RJWTYAsJsr restaurant” flagship Office Post Old for @chefjoseandres lands Trump @OConnellPostbiz:“Donald by .@washingtonpost
http://t.co/5xUhMmpIb1 etc. Bushes the economy affairs world of state the on @TeamCavuto with int @FoxNews My
http://t.co/RVF4ZHUeCk prevail! will we but bias Total print. to refused HuffPost the that reporter @HuffingtonPost a by written Story
missed! be will He entertainment. knew really &amp; reporter fantastic a was He @nytimes. by canned got @wjcarter great the believe can’t I
Churchill Winston -- counts. that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is Success
http://t.co/HmfRHUoIWT #TrumpNewYearsRes again! great America make to resolution Year's New your me Tweet
http://t.co/ntyuaXhTu7 D.C.” for hotel' luxury 'great promises run presidential at hints Trump “Donald @WBJHolan: by @WBJonline Via
http://t.co/lAZE6iNfGB go-ahead” gets plan @TrumpTurnberry Trump’s “Donald @TheScotsman: Via
illegals. to amnesty grants &amp; fundraises golf plays he Then @ESPN. watching mornings his spends he that admitted has Obama
crosshairs. Islamist the in caught civilians droning routinely while waterboarding for CIA the attacks Obama
http://t.co/ClOZaoiWzF 2016” in run he'll chance' substantial very a 'there's Says Trump? “President @dmartosko: by @MailOnline Via
BUSH! ANOTHER IS NEEDS COUNTRY THIS THING LAST THE
@EmilyMiller by @fox5newsdc via http://t.co/XkI69qmFSS Bush’” another is need we thing last ‘The Bush: Jeb on Trump “Donald
http://t.co/ONttU3oixF DC Washington of Club Trump/Economic Donald with C-SPAN/Conversation
Up Give Never Trump – direction.” right the in you focus will That victorious! as yourself “See
http://t.co/WWl6UUHqo8 2015. of start the celebrate to option perfect the is @TrumpDoral package vacation #NewYearsEve top Miami’s With
@GossipExtra via http://t.co/2sujQYiYwN Ball!” Army Salvation Beach Palm on Falls Snow as Mar-a-Lago Invade Skaters “Ice
spending? govt. is much How commercial. #SmokeyBearHug ending never and stupid that for pay and watch to have all we do times more many How
http://t.co/j095jFo098 $17M” record for sells skyscraper @TrumpChicago at penthouse “Luxury @chriskitching: by @DailyMail Via
Hitchcock Alfred - fattening.” not and sweet is “Revenge
http://t.co/F3GNbzWKC5 Amnesty get to illegals for country the across workshops up set has Obama yet unemployed are Americans million 30
whine! politicians the perseveres CIA The world. the of corners dark the in enemy the to fight the taking for praise our deserves CIA The
presidency. Obama the of Symbolic http://t.co/f7z1t5CKBJ today House White the at out went lights The
http://t.co/VamRTdBiyn 2015” 4 January Sunday Premieres “@ApprenticeNBC: @TVGrapevine: Via
http://t.co/XxOxEhlCTB Washington” to Goes Trump “Donald @harperbulletin: by @WashTimes Via
http://t.co/ONttU3oixF EST 7PM at @cspan on live Airing @TheEconomicClub. Rubenstein David w/ conversation tonight's to forward Looking
http://t.co/y15FSAZdkE #TrumpHolidays city! the in best the of one @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago Brunch Day Christmas named .@Zagat
ALL! DAY GREAT A HAVE minutes. 10 in - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
picture. out Check don't! others him get I knows he because "Trump" loves Sharpton Al http://t.co/VzAPDwP6nE" @realDonaldTrump @TheRevAl
Pascal. Amy chief on tables the turn him Watch help. to Sharpton Al wants that leadership stupid Really badly. so doing is Sony wonder No
her! at laughing is Al slurs. racial her for forgiveness seek to Sharpton Al with meet to wants Pascal Amy chief Sony that believe you Can
them! for change never just will It good. really be will who pick draft one number the get to score them let have should Jets The
Reagan Ronald problem.”- that have don't Marines world.The the in difference a made they if wondering lifetime entire an spend people “Some
reports! No kind. any of torture demanding indeed and for asking was everybody 11th September after immediately that interesting it Isn't
concerns our of least the be should torture on report waythe brutal a such in citizens American executing and beheading are terrorists When
deprivation! sleep over fight We $1000000. for bodies the us sell to want then laugh and Americans of heads the off cut terrorists The
@Jlorenz by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/rKslhbQjNi Dubai” in Course Golf 'Stunning' Create to Up Team Tiger “Trump
them. persecuting not CIA the applauding be should We us. destroy to want and off heads Americans’ chop Islamists These
kiss? a or torture use Obama would attack imminent of threat the under was America If
http://t.co/fzewcDrjz6 NY. Jamaica in Church Presbyterian First at picture confirmation My #TBT
http://t.co/2fgmJScbGa acclaimed &amp; excellent is School Skating Our holidays. the throughout open is @TrumpRink locale top Park’s Central
http://t.co/tgXqNnap9P Collapse” to Going Business for Working Not ObamaCare “Trump: @pamkeyNEN: by @BreitbartNews Via
http://t.co/0UjtVzWPre rises” speculation '16 as Iowa to heads “Trump @JenniferJJacobs: by @11AliveNews Via
enemy! the are they because was it them tell then &amp; often them hit fast them hit hard them Hit enemies: our towards Policy
fools! are we think us—they at laughing is world The torture. on papers the releasing by disservice great a did leaders Democrat &amp; Obama
fair! was he but -- happen would what knew never You smart. &amp; intriguing always was He show. his doing &amp; @Letterman miss will I
reason a for there r instincts Your gut. your with go Then doing. you're what about can you everything Know bases. your Cover Entrepreneurs:
up! give never And problem. the not solution the at Look victorious. as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
situation. fortunate a into you lead could positive Being opportunity. an as conflict any View Entrepreneurs:
beginning! the only is this feel I and disaster total a is place The Center. Trade World the into going mistake big a made Nast Conde
furious! Tenants manager. terrible a is Durst Center. Trade World new the at checks security endless the with unhappy really are People
security. impossible with in get to visitors or workers for forever takes It Center. Trade World new the operating at disaster a is Durst
@SHAQ - panic.” never troops the then panic; don't “Generals
money. taxpayer all return &amp; monstrosity $2T the for apologize should He comments. his for apologized Gruber architect RomneyCare/ObamaCare
http://t.co/kAw6eOHZI0 24th” January on Moines Des in Summit Freedom Iowa The At Speak To Trump “Donald @Citizens_United: Via
http://t.co/30XAVfz8A1 month" next trip Iowa his to events adds "Trump @JenniferJJacobs: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/1PSF1l8LSp @TheEconomicClub the at Rubenstein David by Monday next interviewed &amp; hosted being to forward Looking
http://t.co/9xdFijthlc riveting” most and “best my of one as @javitscenter speech @ICSC Monday my described @LoisWeiss @nypost’s ICYMI
overturn! should Courts statements. fraudulent and lies by passed ObamaCare got cronies Obama other the of all and Gruber Obama President
http://t.co/dhk7UkIsfb Dubai” in course Trump design to “@TigerWoods @GolfweekBRomine: by @GolfweekMag Via
paid. was he money taxpayer all return should He today. Hill the on eviscerated being Gruber architect RomneyCare/ObamaCare see to Glad
defund. to tool every use must Congress New deductibles. record raise &amp; premiums insurance increase to continues ObamaCare
Chair. Comm. her losing is she Glad report. CIA the released Feinstein Dianne Chair ex-Intelligence be to soon that dangerous &amp; sad Very
@jacknicklaus - winning.” of has player better the chance better the play you longer “The
http://t.co/f2BuzvsSkH masterpiece a is Course Championship @TrumpScotland’s coastline Aberdeenshire rugged the on dunes imposing With
http://t.co/pkadnlh0x9 agree.” Economists ‘Phony.’ Figures Jobless Obama’s Trump: “Donald @jerome_corsi: by @worldnetdaily Via
@BusinessWire via http://t.co/cNBBOXfbdb Dubai” Club Golf World Trump for Course Golf Create to @TigerWoods Announces “@DamacOfficial
#MSSNG mss.ng visiting by project @AutismSpeaks' Support autism. on information of lot a missing We're
wonderful! just is she that than Other loser. a all above and dummy a bully a woman sick mentally a is @Rosie Sorry
thanks! great is .@GolfMagazine
TIME" "ALL &amp; - RENOVATION" RESORT U.S. "BEST - Doral National Trump at Monster Blue The of review fantastic your for @GolfMagazine you Thank
time! all of best be may it stated they better Even year. the of best the Monster Blue The of renovation the rated just @GolfMagazine Wow
CIA destroy Will torture. on documentation full release to about are they Now time. the all dumber getting are "leaders" our and country Our
Obama! &amp; Kerry at laughing are They http://t.co/SGqN0gmc5y Iran on sanctions opposes Obama
Edison A. Thomas -- haven't." you - this remember possibilities all exhausted have you "When
Senator. pro-energy &amp; pro-growth a be will Bill Saturday. past this win decisive a on @BillCassidy to Congratulations
enemies. our for tool propaganda A danger. in overseas military &amp; agents our Puts released. be not should report CIA The
http://t.co/0vos5qByGd Look” First @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity In @IanZiering “@kevinjonas Ricko: Nick by @StarsEntLive Via
@Expedia!http://t.co/cREGfHwlbe by 2014 for hotels Access” +VIP of “Best the of one named being for @TrumpPanama to Congratulations
http://t.co/3UHjQXzvPu luxury &amp; innovation glamour energy Miami: is that all represents @TrumpDoral @CadillacChamp @PGATOUR’s of Home
http://t.co/qmX8K9cSOO skyline Vancouver’s of icon the be will tower twisting story 57 @trumpvancouver's completion 2016 for schedule On
bucks! big for them sue should Virginia of University story. charge rape phony the after Magazine Stone Rolling down close should They
about! talk to much So 7:00. at morning this @foxandfriends on be I'll
either. will else one no don't you If yourself! in Believe Entrepreneurs:
follow. will success work your love you If passion. have to have You Entrepreneurs:
Truman S. Harry -- hell. was it thought they and truth the told just I hell! anybody gave never I
http://t.co/LG8RLsCape @ApprenticeNBC of set the on Lipton James With #TBT
Guinness Alec - one.” need doesn't Success explanations. thousand a has “Failure
Disgrace! http://t.co/9WOTxcby49 benefits military cut to wants yet illegals to ObamaCare &amp; Security Social giving is Obama
http://t.co/Vg8kOfbn3g 15th December on @TheEconomicClub prestigious at speaking to forward Looking
http://t.co/0Vv6VUqjxo Win." Could He Why You Tell House.I'll White the Eyeing He's Why Tells Trump "Donald @melaniebatley: by .@Newsmax
http://t.co/H4McIm5ZQ3 Gadget? Ideal Your What's NYTimes Via
Rich Get to How Trump: – horizons.” your expanding to devoted be should day your of part regular A business. in blindfold a wear can’t “You
Up Give Never Trump – game.” the of ahead yourself find well very may you and global focus your “Keep
Priorities http://t.co/s4z0EzWQPN fundraising still is president our worry Don’t budget. over &amp; failing ObamaCare debt $18T borders Broken
R&amp;R. some for Gitmo to them send should We http://t.co/ixwdZ9Uo1N Americans ISIS of passport single a revoked not has Department State
houses. both hold soon Republicans excuses. more no and resolutions continuing more No it. to Obama hold and budget a pass must Congress
http://t.co/qBU9t4KJ6w excellence of stories luxurious 46 offers @TrumpSoHo hotel. Star 5 elite most York’s New downtown in 2015 in Ring
http://t.co/UUnq3w1n1z meetings business &amp; events impact host to venue perfect the is @TrumpChicago views magnificent With
http://t.co/BQFuiUsvCG NBC. on 4th January Premieres apprenticenbc. of season new the of cast The
Sidney Philip - knowledge.” other all of measure a for serves learned once thing excellent “Each
order. amnesty unconstitutional Obama’s defund must Congress least very the In
failing. is Show gone? @rosie want they that leak will Execs View’ ‘The more many How Tuesday. It’s
mess. real A Obama. under accrued has 44% Over $18T. record a topped debt national our Yesterday
http://t.co/DMjpFhv86M Iowa" Moines Des West in @LandExpo 2015 Headline to Trump J. Donald Magnate Estate "Real @PeoplesCompany: Via
http://t.co/e0c5TCQWTe Moines" Des West in @LandExpo at speak to "Trump @JoelAschbrenner: by @DMRegister Via
intact! focus your Keep leverage. ultimate the is Brainpower
fatal. not are Setbacks challenges. of face the in productive Be results. by measured is success Your entrepreneurs: Young
http://t.co/9eM2AEdGlB 4-8: March @TrumpDoral at @CadillacChamp 2015 the for available now are Tickets
hell! as rich be would advice--he for me to came he wish I money. his of all lost has Reynolds Burt that sad So
http://t.co/PvQTJNooua much. so you thank article Nice Newsmax. Via
Sophocles - effort.” on dependent is “Success
@TradeArabia via http://t.co/twOPULclzr GCC” in brand Home Trump unveils “Lifestyle
http://t.co/RAh59q06N4 question" the of "out is season another &amp; ratings.“Malcontent" @TheView.Terrible on failing is @Rosie surprise. No
staffs? their exempted Congress &amp; Obama has why then repealed be not should ObamaCare If
follow. to sure riots More today. Ferguson on Office Oval the from organizing community is Obama
http://t.co/Z1V76KGXQI POTUS." next the inauguration?Pick '17 for hotel Trump’s at stay to @OConnellPostbiz:“Bidding by @washingtonpost Via
it! Use purse. the of power the is Obama against card greatest Congress’
simultaneously. wars two losing is He year. another least at for Afghanistan in soldiers our keeping is Obama Now
league. your in not is She smart. not &amp; crude rude is She down. you bring to try or you of badly speak @Rosie let Don’t .@WhoopiGoldberg
Thanksgiving! past this skaters Record Rink. Lasker the repairing quickly on @NYCParks to Congratulations
http://t.co/iOpzn015hB View. The at fix term short a even wasn't @Rosie #TrumpVlog
http://t.co/kOj0AV2tNR working. not It's relax. and rest to needs @Rosie #TrumpVlog
fails. always her--@Rosie help will Nothing ratings. failing her up stir to order in View The on again me after went O’Donnell Rosie
fails. always @Rosie learned? they haven't Why irrelevant. show down way Ratings
http://t.co/P7OAJBxskt. View- The on fail would @Rosie predicted I as Just
@JordanSpieth you of proud are We Open. Australian The won just Bedminster Club Golf National Trump at Champion Junior Boy's U.S.G.A. THE
Enjoy! A.M. 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
fan. a Not guilty! Probably innocent. is he if silent remaining in advice bad getting or stupid foolish is Cosby Bill
done. be can it but is nothing easy be won't It AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE to together get can everyone hope I - Thanksgiving Happy
@macy's you! Thank @tiberias84.
http://t.co/eIQc8x5kyG @TrumpLasVegas: Jones Sydney Chef Sous Executive new our about @thedailymeal on write-up Great
http://t.co/zEiVU3KqX6 Tumblr: @TrumpCollection's on @TrumpSoHo from Guide Gift Holiday this with list your on everyone for something Find
http://t.co/nVlWNuYHXq in: dives @RobbReport - holidays the for about think not did @TrumpSoHo nothing is There
http://t.co/Dlq7BDhqXm. Best World's 2014 @TravlandLeisure's in Chicago in Hotel Business Best #3 named being for @TrumpChicago Congrats
Hotels. Business Best World's 2014 @TravlandLeisure's in NYC in Hotel Business Best #1 named being for @TrumpNewYork to Congratulations
presidency. his under poorly so fared have community-they American African the over respect) (or control no absolutely has Obama President
http://t.co/6VJ9kYA5n0 Vegas Las to amenities class world and elegance style unparalleled bring @TrumpCondosLV it. own it love you If
thinking? they were What evening. the in o'clock 9:00 after findings jury grand Ferguson the release to decided who moron the is Who
places other in looting and riots type Ferguson expect can you Washington in leadership weak our with and fractured totally is country Our
generations! for president black another see won't you president as job poor a such done has Obama president because Sadly
Ferguson! in riots the over president our and us at laugh they economically U.S. the off rip to continue World the of rest the and China As
riot Ferguson the watch they as U.S. the about saying are world the throughout enemies and friends our of all and Putin what imagine you Can
now! right riots the having be still would you opposite exact the was Ferguson in jury grand the by decision the If
case the be not would this leader a were Obama decades.If in has it than greater seems divide racial the president black a having Despite
smart. Not riots! for time prime a - evening the in 9:00 at Ferguson in jury grand the of finding a announce they would Why
negotiators! bad our along tapping is Iran deal. nuclear a out working on MONTHS SEVEN back deadline pushed just States United the and Iran
implemented. fully is ObamaCare if dollar the than stronger be May currency. own its starting is ISIS
outcome. jury grand the of regardless Ferguson in riots for excuse no is There
reform. immigration of chance any cancelled unilaterally has Obama lawlessness. more invites and wages lowers Amnesty – Fact
electric! is Room Board The episode. every fireworks major have will @ApprenticeNBC of season 14th the 4th January on Premiering
http://t.co/vq05peRfXO holes 27 to expanded been has Beach Palm Int’l Trump country the in courses top the of 1 as @GolfMagazine Rated
https://t.co/cByBYSRKgX Trump” Donald from Learn Can Managers Hiring All “What @nicholas_wyman: by @LinkedInPulse Via
Obama. by appointee terrible Another Defense. of Sec. as tenures shortest the of one on Hagel Chuck to Congratulations
http://t.co/b8dpH1ZEgd quits- Hagel #TrumpVlog
http://t.co/4AaJVsvQHW. @TrumpNewYork: from option an including @NYTimesTravel by tips watching parade and travel #Thanksgiving Great
speak even Couldn't enemies. our by outmatched clue—grossly a have didn’t guy The country. our for news Great quit. has Sec.Hagel Defense
Enjoy! (sadly)! about talk to much is there - 7:00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
combination! rare a guy nice really a and champ total a is He today. great played Brady Tom
racist? are nations their into coming from Africans West banning are that nations African 14 the think you Do
television! on job good really Also Tower. Trump at you meet to great was it Aaron .@aaronschock
guy. great A well-deserved. &amp; Well-earned House. NH the of Speaker Republican the named being on O’Brien Bill to Congratulations
Champion a Like Think – business.” good That’s personally. things take don’t but personable be smart be tough “Be
http://t.co/R3VflG2AVh Brava Playa of sands the On luxury. of essence the redefines tower cylindrical Este’s del Punta Tower Trump
Einstein Albert – them.” prevent geniuses problems solve “Intellectuals
http://t.co/dcOC00h5Ul river” on large loom will name Trump mean rules sign “Council @FSPIELMAN: by @CSTearlyoften @Suntimes’ Via
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep Entrepreneurs:
challenge. the Enjoy exercise. mind a are Problems Entrepreneurs:
curious. remain and stamina your up Keep slackers. for isn't time big The day. every it for go to have you'll succeed to want really you If
what. matter no Ferguson in riot to going They're
Deal the of Art The -- deal. best the is need you What location. best the need necessarily don't You
http://t.co/awVySScDfr wedding dream your hold to venue ideal the is @TrumpChicago options space multiple With
http://t.co/SyCxJRp5aO Toronto downtown of center the in suites 115 &amp; rooms 261 offers @TrumpTO @ForbesInspector from stars 5 Awarded
dangerous. is amnesty executive Obama’s border. the cross to illegals more even expect can we then law of rule the protect not do we If
soldiers. brave our of families the to money the Give ISIS. fight we while us paying be should Iraq
http://t.co/3uSYL9qR3U sign. great critic-- Bad seconds. 10 for me for work couldn't You again. lose you usual as sucker Sorry .@BlairKamin
http://t.co/eDK291RdmF space retail &amp; residential commercial prime houses @TrumpTowerNY masterpiece architectural iconic City’s York New
stake. at are jobs US Many manipulation. currency address must government our why discuss to @TrumpTowerNY @MattBlunt with meeting enjoyed I
Palmer Arnold - character.” and mind of strength upon than body of strength on less depends golf in “Success
http://t.co/4k5uB6gyn2 @TrumpTurnberry Magazine Links via Turnberry" of Trumping "The
Congress. w/ negotiate to unable is he because &amp; benefit own his for US the of Constitution the subvert to Obama Pres allow not must Repubs
hell! as guilty look You silent. remain not do innocent are you if - advice free some never-the-less but Cosby Bill of fan no am I
http://t.co/zaq31Ckd5f course/@TrumpTurnberry Ailsa famed the on holes seaside new spectacular of trio Trump's of peek Sneak
out! word the Get them. belittle to sure be will competitors your successes your publicize don’t you If
http://t.co/L9679gtq82 law the crafting in figure’ important ‘an was Gruber architect ObamaCare/RomneyCare that says official WH – WATCH
public. American the to told lies greatest Obama’s of Two adviser.” some just is “Gruber = it.” keep you plan your like you “If
http://t.co/Oa3jE1MGPq world the in amenities finest the offering masterpiece architectural an is Club Mar-a-Lago season 2014 the for Open
father!) (My Trump C. Fred – out.” Get right. done it Get done. it Get in. “Get
http://t.co/S9KxxEo6ae boardroom.” the in pink Think “@IvankaTrump: @TV3Xpose: Via
working wasn’t warming global name The name. the changed change”—they “climate now is warming” “global that say constantly that those For
@TrumpDoral cc @UrbanDaddy via http://t.co/J1QLSmAcKi #BlueMonster: the to next Lunching Power
stupid. is public American the believe do really they and - "stuff" warming global the selling types Gruber Jonathan many are There
success. for option best the be can time and negotiable always are Terms fluid. are deals that remember always Entrepreneurs:
… http://t.co/vsAAiOXHIe @IvankaTrump from campaign #WomenWhoWork The
@Patriots Brady Tom – win.” to play always who ones the are competitors true “The
Replace! &amp; Repeal Defund development. &amp; research halt and growth slow entrepreneurship stop to continue will ObamaCare
Up Give Never Trump – reason.” good for sometimes change can Plans for. waiting worth are things some that “Remember
adviser.' some 'just is he claims Obama now And http://t.co/ObIy0a2OSy Gruber” Jonathan from ideas stolen “I’ve 2006: in Obama – Watch
Liars. of Gang Obama. by to lied were we that privately albeit admitted Gruber architect ObamaCare/RomneyCare least At
http://t.co/mdWb8Q0Mer Benefits” Public Aliens Illegal Give Will Amnesty “Obama’s @mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
http://t.co/fckfVDy07o booking for available are sessions VIP rink. skating top NYC’s is @TrumpRink iconic the Park Central in Located
http://t.co/tQE7wreeIS 2016 &amp; Congress new the ObamaCare on GOP the criticizing int. @foxandfriends my ICYMI
year! this again rating two-star @MichelinGuideChi a with honored being for @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago to Congratulations
http://t.co/wAMClvD9yq @StJude benefit Proceeds 11/22. @TrumpChicago Fundraiser Tasting Wine @EricTrumpFdn for tix forget don't Chicago
Warming. Global on same the doing are consultants many ObamaCare on “stupid” Americans called &amp; lied viciously Gruber Jonathan like Just
http://t.co/GdJAVmrMap @TrumpSoHo including meal full a delivery will outlets NYC Many Thanksgiving? for cook to not excuse an for Looking
deal! Bad 2030. in curb to ‘intends’ only China while now emissions curb ‘will’ of language with America binds deal ‘climate’ China Obama’s
@AndreaMagrath by @travelmail via http://t.co/hjj179KyaR jet” private £63m Trump's Donald Inside billionaire! a like travel to “How
adviser.’ some ‘was he claims only Obama yet dollars tax our with $6M over paid was Gruber architect ObamaCare/RomneyCare
border! the Secure high. record a at were they that public the to lie to numbers the manipulated Obama low. record a at now are Deportations
http://t.co/O7WrQlaH7I President” for run a weighs again he as Jeb Mitt hammers Donald’ ‘The NH “In @jdistaso: by @NewHampJournal Via
http://t.co/cggm7UTfep 2016 &amp; NH to travelling Congress new the midterms the discussing @JoshMcElveen with int. Up’ ‘Close @WMUR9 My
enjoy! - minutes ten in @foxandfriends on be will I
high. time all reaches size caps Ice fast! and warming global of dose heavy a need desperately we - FREEZING is country entire The
order exec &amp; stupid") are ("Americans Gruber Jonathan sleazebag about talking be Will 7.00. at morning tomorrow @foxandfriends on be will I
CITY. YORK NEW by done is that Rink Lasker on maintenance the do not do We #LaskerRink. .
sue. should Repubs deception! and lies on based All stupid! is Public American the think ObamaCare for responsible people top Obama's So
DC. Washington Marquis Marriot the at 15th December on @TheEconomicClub addressing to forward Looking
http://t.co/3lCd80NKFt 2016” in Runs Who See to Waiting “Trump @KatherineNECN: by @necn Via
Ditka Mike – fatal.” isn't failure and permanent isn't “Success
http://t.co/jDzgmlPMdC It” Play Can Anyone And Trump- Donald By Developed NYC In Course Golf Championship New Brand A “@TrumpFerryPoint
@STVNews via http://t.co/JZ1dnBqwV1 successful'” 'really Airport Prestwick make to pledges Trump “Donald
http://t.co/U83aDNTVVP #TrumpAdvice
@TrumpTurnberry incredible! is place This renovating. am I which Scotland in Turnberry for Hampshire New Left
Foley. James honoring @LoebSchool School Loeb Nackey the &amp; @deucecrew McQuaid Joe for speaking &amp; Hampshire New in being enjoyed really I
http://t.co/z8ny5XAhly Foley" James honoring event at speaker guest Trump "Donald @CMonitor_JVF: by @ConMonitorNews Via
http://t.co/yIqndlSlSF Awards" Amendment First Hampshire New | Foley James journalist slain for tribute leads "Trump Leader: Union Via
tenacious. be all above but talent and skills your Apply can. possibly you best the Do high. bar the Set Entrepreneurs:
example. the setting are you remembering by yourself as well as others motivate can You example. the Set Entrepreneurs:
positive. focus your Keep problem. the not solution the at Look victorious. as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
media. conservative target Will Doctrine. Fairness the is neutrality Net grab. power down top another is internet the on attack Obama’s
Hampshire New of motto – Die.” or Free “Live
State! Granite the visit to great Always Ceremony. Award Amendment First @LoebSchool the keynote to Hampshire New to Flying
http://t.co/9Sq7vCBl5O Cochrane Iain Mr. &amp; Trump J. Donald with AM 11 at 14 Nov. Friday this Airport Prestwick Glasgow at Conference Press
http://t.co/2amXtgXTwQ Destinations: Great @LINKSMagazine's of one named being for @TrumpDoral to Congratulations
http://t.co/4CAyCgeHlR world! the in restaurant hotel best 6th the named being for @Jean_GeorgesNYC Congrats
State! Granite the in friends many my and Barry Curtis McQuaid Joe seeing to forward Looking
freedoms. our protect to earth the of corners all at fight who finest nation’s our for thankful be us Let #VeteransDay. is Today
http://t.co/QmKwce7ifG now! Vote Awards- Eater Annual @EaterChicago in nom Year the of Chef your on @ChefLents @SixteenChicago's Congrats
Lombardi Vince - win.” can't you losing accept can you “If
sad! and Scary progress. no and billion $5 complete. not is still website ObamaCare The
Hampshire. New in tomorrow event Awards Amendment First Communications of School Loeb S. Nackey the keynoting to forward Looking
#VeteransDay. today sent be will money the that nice Especially Tahmooressi. Sgt. re tweets nice the of all for Thanks
http://t.co/raNoTNeMxH Trump” Donald with TV reality to returns “@ShawnJohnson @DMRegister: Via
http://t.co/qOhrBhgvxW results election 2014 the &amp; China to trip Obama’s Tahmooressi USMC to gift $25000 discussing int. @greta My
http://t.co/UU74swYP3d Denial’” in He’s Think I Obama… to Blow ‘Big a Election Calls “Trump @NicholasBallasy: by @PJMedia_com Via
http://t.co/pwsw51dqMW options dining star 5 of array unique a offers @Trumpchicago views exceptional with matched dining Exceptional
home. back Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt. have to nice is it And all. to #VeteransDay Happy
Einstein Albert – experience.” is knowledge of source only “The
results! Strong Senate. State holding while Council Executive &amp; House State the of control winning for @AFPFNH &amp; @NHGOP to Congratulations
#marinefreed Tahmooressi. Andrew Sgt. to $25000 send to honor great my is It
COUNTRIES! STRICKEN EBOLA FROM VISAS NO FLIGHTS! THE STOP minimum. a at others 2 infects carrier Ebola single A
years.. 5 been already it's believe Can't @TrumpWaikiki&lt;https://t.co/Lu0Heblb0W&gt;! to Anniversary 5th Happy
http://t.co/G6G101t3kF yourself: for transformation the See stunning. looks @TrumpDoral at space event new every and Each
http://t.co/9Gc3oX3oy6 @TrumpNewYork” Hotels: City York New “Best @USNewsTravel: Via
Enjoy! minutes. five in .@foxandfriends
Heather! job great a doing are You @HeatherChilders
a.m. 8.00 at @foxandfriends doing be will I
smart! Too troops? the sending China isn't why So taken. already hasn't ISIS whatever gets China Iraq from oil any get don't we Remember
dummies! deal the reserves.Make oil their of 50% U.S. the give to instrument formal signed a in agree they unless Iraq into back go not Do
clueless! are leaders our because NOTHING get again will and back going are we Now NOTHING. got and Iraq in DOLLARS TRILLION TWO spent We
GET? U.S. DOES WHAT wasted! billions run will they - fight to how them teach to Iraq to troops additional of thousands sending now are We
stupidity! President’s our at laugh and us hate that countries to dollars tax American beautiful our sending stop immediately should We
20-22 November Rome. in Vatican the at Workers Care Health on Council Pontifical the address will Wright Suzanne and Bob Speaks' Autism
T.V. and Radio guys! great fun be Will minutes. 10 - (ESPN) a.m. 7.05 at Show Mike &amp; Mike the on be will I .@MikeAndMike
http://t.co/ElHmBQ30lQ NeckNJ- Colts beautiful in @TrumpNationalCN club golf wonderful my of video this Watch
#Marinefreed Tahmooressi. Andrew Marine with p.m. 7.00 at tonight interview Greta's watching to forward Look .@greta:
Ruth Babe – up.” gives never who person the beat can't just “You
http://t.co/26F1Xs1mML debut” Washington for frenzy election 2016 leverages Collection “Trump McCarthy: Joe by @LuxuryDaily Via
A.G. our is this And Day? Election on ballots successive 3 out fill to have @AGSchneiderman did Why
@TrumpFerryPoint”http://t.co/ZtTtVQVsBw for builds “Buzz @hoopsmbd: by @lohud Via
http://t.co/h9SRKPpZww 2016 &amp; Senate new Obamacare stopping results election 2014 #HandsOffMyGun on @DLoesch with int. @971FMTalk My
http://t.co/UNIaZZtsnJ Mistake’” Terrible a Made Doctors The Think ‘I Death: Rivers' Joan on Off Sounds Trump “Donald @usweekly: Via
move! to time it’s January In ObamaCare. repealing on ran elected just candidate Senate GOP successful every – Fact
http://t.co/sjFMsn3OSe Run” Presidential 2016 at Look' 'Serious Taking Trump “Donald @spiccoli: by @Newsmax_Media Via
VA. the on accountable Obama hold Also cuts. budget Obama stop &amp; spending military restore must Congress new The
career! successful your for credit take won't I promise I win. CMA Big your on Congrats Apprentice! The on great were You @LukeBryanOnline
Senate. the needed we reason one That’s riders. with McConnell Leader Majority by stopped be now can Order Executive Amnesty Obama’s
years. 40 in elected governor GOP 2nd won @Hogan4Governor flyer. racist a with me attacked Party Democrat Maryland The
#MidasTouch wins. record had All @SteveKingIA. &amp; @leezeldin @Perduesenate for calls robo recorded I
in. him rein now can Republicans fiascos. Obama other all &amp; ObamaCare on referendum a was Yesterday
America. for Change &amp; Hope is There losses. midterm historic &amp; record two had now has Obama
http://t.co/VCChcquz04 Baku" Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump® Announces COLLECTION™ HOTEL "TRUMP @PRNewswire: Via
Democrat. &amp; Independent Republican a as Florida in election statewide a lost now has who @CharlieCrist to Congratulations
http://t.co/Ry4u1O1cBH Trump" Donald says season next shows two on run will @ApprenticeNBC for work last Rivers' "Joan @NYDailyNews: Via
http://t.co/iqDO4rUNhN #TrumpAdvice
won. have would he and it done have would I him for call robo a do to me asked @SenScottBrown Had
http://t.co/FrBfhTAUG7 again! great country our Make #TrumpVlog
http://t.co/b9E5eC9pam deal- a making of instead NCAA the fought have should University State Penn great hurt badly so who jokers weak The
not. was speech whose opponent an to gracious very was night last speech victory Your you! of proud all are we win Fantastic .@Team_Mitch
done! job the get and together get to have Republicans the Now Obama. President for night bad really A
governor! great a been have you - reason fashioned old very a for win this deserved you - courage tremendous race Amazing .@FLGovScott:
word! that using is everyone Tonight tough. too was it thought people and INCOMPETENT Obama President calling started I ago year One
policies! failed his and Obama President of refutation tremendous a - Republicans for night big really a like Looking
Mitch! Congratulations .@Team_Mitch
thanks! and soon you See Apprentice. The to nice so were you because only not and tonight Five The on job Great .@ericbolling
Senator. wonderful a make will You @joniernst. to luck Good
lucky. is country The ways. many in you for @Team_Mitch day big a be will Today
4th! Jan. – Enjoy tasks. great &amp; surprises of Lots Room. Board the to excitement brings @ApprenticeNBC of cast season’s This
agenda. pro-growth positive a communicate must Republicans the tomorrow But big. lose Democrats the Today
http://t.co/o4hF7E3HMr show” on role Rivers' Joan talks cast @ApprenticeNBC new reveals Trump “Donald @ReeHines: by @todayshow Via
lies. other the all &amp; dropped healthcare your having growth slow Amnesty ObamaCare on referendum is Today
today! luck Good campaign. wonderful a run have you @ThomTillis
http://t.co/2w8i6wYxTg Act” to Obama Forcing and 'Big' Winning of Edge on GOP “Trump: @wandacarruthers: by @Newsmax_Media Via
Hampshire! New today Scott for Vote campaign. fair &amp; aggressive an running on @SenScottBrown to Congratulations
@ApprenticeNBChttp://t.co/o4hF7E3HMr of season 14th the of cast &amp; premiere 4th January the announcing @MLauer with int. @todayshow My
@NBC. on 4th January Premieres http://t.co/IPsMY8Jsx1. conference- press @ApprenticeNBC the from Photos
http://t.co/gWJFeZeAwz @ApprenticeNBC- of cast new the see to Watch
http://t.co/BRQal0Yfg8 #TrumpAdvice
weekend. this wedding @EricTrump’s and @LaraLeaYunaska for excited Very
http://t.co/ehZ1fSF7mr Shows” Evidence Epidemic Fueled Policy Border “Obama’s @NeilMunroDC: @DailyCaller Via
http://t.co/Ia5PT3IKYC Prison” Mexican in Marine Free Help to Finger' a Lift 'Didn't Obama “@RepMattSalmon: @Newsmax_Media: Via
tomorrow! Lee for GOTV GOP NY-1 Washington. in difference real a make will @leezeldin Conservative true &amp; Veteran A
House. the in leader strong a is Steve campaign. great a running on team his and @SteveKingIA to Congratulations
http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M restaurants Star 5 and spaces event luxurious boast @TrumpDoral 800-acre prestigious The
http://t.co/ySumv5Xpn8 enemy” greatest Israel's Obama calls Trump “Donald @haaretzcom: Via
http://t.co/pa4pWF2ceg Israel” Than Better’ Much Enemies Known Our ‘Treats Obama “Trump: @IanHanchett: by @BreitbartNews Via
plans. Turnberry &amp; spring the in Aberdeen in Int’l Trump you showing to forward Look @TrumpDoral. story nice the for Thx .@MattGinellaGC
7). (not 8 at morning this @foxandfriends doing be will I
@GolfChannel Doral. Trump and Monster Blue The about talking Drive Morning on tomorrow Matt watch to forget Don't .@MattGinellaGC
winds! strong the block will We well. you wishing are door next International Trump at folks the of all Nick .@SkyscraperLive:
it! to forward looking guy Terrific A.M. tomorrow Doral National Trump about talking be will Matt @GCMorningDrive .@MattGinellaGC
Tuesday! this David for GOTV @Perduesenate. - Obama." Barack for stamp rubber a be will Nunn "Michelle
#GASen problems. solving to perspective fresh bring will @PerdueSenate working. not are policies economic failed Obama/Reid/Nunn's
#GASen Washington. fix to vision bold with leaders business more need We won. he question No @PerdueSenate. by debate Strong
GREAT! this. know pols smart the -- polls the in lead the taken has for ROBOCALL a did I who office for running everyone far so Wow
MONSTER! BLUE new brand the of reviews great the for critics golf and media the to and statements nice many the for Thanks .@TrumpDoral.
ENJOY! - @FoxNews on P.M. 9 at Tonight .@JudgeJeanine
again happen to allowed be never should event an Such long. too Way Obama. to thanks no prison Mexican a of out Marine our let finally They
Courtmarshal DEAL! ISIS-BAD for killing and fighting now are traitor pathetic one for released stupidly so government our prisoners five The
knowledge! underestimate never still but - knowledge massive even having than important more far often is imagination great truly a Having
late! too is it before leadership proper need groups.We enemy other and ISIS for fighting now are detainees Guantanamo released the of Many
Republicans! for (unfair) bad very is This voting. from immigrants illegal stopping nothing is there that saying officials Election - Crazy
Lombardi Vince – individual.” each of effort combined the of results the are organization an of achievements “The
http://t.co/OktCSRX6dq 2014. 20 Oct. from Article Forbes sold. copies million 3 Over book. business #1 = Deal" the of Art "The
http://t.co/1RErEVe10z views ocean the enjoy to balconies private feature rooms deluxe @TrumpPanama’s Bay Panama over stories 70
border. our cross to illegals wants only He Tahmooressi. USMC for finger a lifted not has president our how remember Tuesday Next
http://t.co/YGC2s6wyGE @ApprenticeNBC of set the on @kimkardashian #FlashbackFriday
http://t.co/8CK5Pcdfsf fantastic. is @Jean_GeorgesNYC @TrumpNewYork’s ratings @AAAFiveDiamond &amp; Five-Star @ForbesInspector both Awarded
http://t.co/FGwbbjK21A Halloween! Happy
http://t.co/sGnOJxn56s skyline Chicago the overlooking guestrooms spa 53 &amp; rooms treatment 12 offers Trump® at Spa .@TrumpChicago’s
Einstein Albert – else.” anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have “You
http://t.co/YTJPbPYdEp left. the on I'm up- growing family my With #TBT
Senate! the to @SenScottBrown Send Hampshire. New for 90% skyrocketed have Premiums ObamaCare. for vote deciding the was Shaheen Jeanne
@DanSullivan2014! vote Tuesday Next illegals. for Amnesty supports &amp; drilling opposes He 97%. Obama with votes Begich Mark
http://t.co/rgOH8KQ45h @SenScottBrown &amp; Dinner Awards Amendment 1st Loeb S. Nickey discussing w/@JackHeathRadio int. @NewsRadio610 My
http://t.co/go0LZNiR0T course signature @jacknicklaus 18-hole an is @TrumpFerryPoint Bridge Whitestone the of foot the at Sitting
http://t.co/5Nh6c4ev9D Courses” Public Best Nation's of One Be Will “@TrumpFerryPoint @joepassov: by @golf_com Via
doing? we are What ISIS. fight we while gains China http://t.co/ocwvpfElji crude Mideast of number” “record bought just trader oil Chinese
http://t.co/AFxKhHrpSM Trump” Donald featuring Event School Loeb for sale on @newhampshirecom:“Tickets Via
http://t.co/Q1YkBlklT4 Trump" Donald Of Brand Irreplaceable "The @swan_investor: by @Investopedia Via
daughter! amazing an are You @IvankaTrump! Birthday Happy
http://t.co/qDU7XPOCQ0 nurse! the Quarantine #TrumpVlog
Goldwyn Samuel – life.” from fear to anything has work his about enthusiastic is who person “No
right! being love I game. the of out knocked got Just mistake. a was Hudson starting Giants the that you told I
Reagan Ronald President – heat.” the feel them make light the see them make can't you “When
http://t.co/gayZAy2852 #1. voted Doonbeg Links Golf &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump Europe: in Resorts Best Awards Choice Readers' Traveler Nast Conde
possibilities. and opportunities always are There endeavor. creative a is Business mind! open an Keep Entrepreneurs:
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look Entrepreneurs:
Hypocrite. country? into Ebola contract who all allows still he But days. 21 for Africa from returning soldiers all quarantine will Obama
organizer. community a was Obama while commando Forces Special IDF an was Bibi since Ironic "chickenshit." @netanyahu called admin. Obama
@OwenTew by @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/fjpKdgrpXu Again” Run Shouldn't It' 'Blew Romney Mitt Trump: “Donald
http://t.co/NlGdtDQdby Fight” Ebola in Soldiers Use to Unfair' 'Morally Trump: “Donald @JAGERFILE: by @Newsmax_Media Via
@breitbarttv via http://t.co/7LcuB3L7RA bad’” this be would it thought never ‘I Obama: on “Trump
http://t.co/0QS4HB7pS6 zone" hot Ebola into soldiers send to Obama of unfair morally it's says Trump "Donald @dmartosko @MailOnline Via
http://t.co/7h0CBtkocf 2016 &amp; midterms Office Post DC Ebola presidency failed Obama’s discussing @seanhannity interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/MPjhhJ6ern Trump” Ivanka Vancouver: Luxurious Youthful Reflects Hotel “Trump @alau2: by @HPCaTravel Via
rest. days two with even K.C. against ace their starting not in mistake big a making are Giants the tonight Series World the of 7 game In
warming? global is hell the Where stronger. been never has population BEAR POLAR the high time all an at are CAPS ICE POLAR the - out Just
website. or rocket a it be works Nothing Obama. under States United the of emblematic is yesterday crashed and blew-up that rocket U.S. The
nuts! he's know I Now treatment. for States United the to Ebola with citizens non-U.S. bring to plan a considering strongly Obama President
@FoxNews on tonight 10PM at show @SeanHannity's on me Watch
short. yourself sell Don't effort. your of 100% and focus your of 100% requires Success
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep
@CoryGardner! Vote plans. their from dropped were Coloradans 250000 now &amp; ObamaCare for vote deciding the was Udall Mark
Congress! to @BarbaraComstock Conservative Send ban. travel Ebola opposes and ObamaCare supports who liberal a is Foust John
@JoeTorre - winner.” a is fail to afraid not is who anybody believe “I
mayhem. more to lead will that decision Bad quarantines. Ebola the of off backing already are governors the All
Israel. dislikes he as much as Iran hated Obama only If Minister. Defense Israeli the with meeting a refused WH
http://t.co/55F5MAd5wu luxury old-world with perfected destination 5-star elite most Europe's is @Trump_Ireland getaway perfect The
http://t.co/ek4WG14F5Y space of inch every maximize that residences with amenities elite offers @TrumpParc highrise luxury story 34 A
losses. job &amp; care less to lead will which deductibles unaffordable &amp; increases premium skyrocketing brought has ObamaCare
water. treading time waste Don't beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers
http://t.co/6fYg5yyoym perfection to restored courses of array wide a offers @TrumpDoral renovations in $250M our With
awards! #ReadersChoice2014 @CNTraveler the by Europe in resort #12 named being for @Trump_Ireland Congratulations
@Trump_Ireland @TrumpPanama @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork choice! reader’s @CNTraveler made hotels @TrumpCollection 6
http://t.co/BViQaP1MLY @TrumpSoHo including City York New of hometown great my on pages 8 featured Kong Hong in .@Jetsetterdotcom
http://t.co/wAKFBJu2hK suites 10 top your of one as @Trump_Ireland Suite View Ocean the selecting for @tweetbypremier you Thank
82-27? @TCUFootball to loss their after respect little so with Leach Mike Coach treating after now feel @TexasTech officials how wonder I
enjoy! - now on going Friends &amp; Fox
quarantine. Ebola including about talk to deal great A minutes). (30 7.00. at @foxandfriends on be Will
boring! &amp; hitting Soft watching. worth longer no are they that games NFL these in commercials long such and penalties many so just are There
etc regs. change-taxes to have would much but people working hard and great again City Atlantic in investing consider absolutely would I
involvement NO and standard high very a to up operated not was it because A.C. in Plaza Trump off taken name my have to right the won I Yes
A.C. with do to NOTHING have I years. many in back been havn't and timing) (great ago years out got City Atlantic in fortune a made I
flights! the stop to refuses still Obama York New to back came easily so who doctor the including Ebola with happening is that all With
Ruth Babe – games.” today's win don't runs home “Yesterday's
Billion? $5 for website a make even can’t he when Obama in confident we Are Ebola. on error for margin ZERO is There
doing! we are What http://t.co/16ewj1tSnK them for ISIS fighting are we while “immediately” rise prices supplymaking oil cut just Saudis
@ThomTillis! http://t.co/bmsggfBM8p &amp; border weak amnesty supports Kay debate. a skipped just stimulus.She the of off profited Hagan Kay
@Perduesenate! Vote voice. independent an DC Send liberal. Obama an is She ObamaCare. &amp; border weak a Amnesty supports Nunn Michelle
http://t.co/SIOY6r3REc Ids” Immigrant New of Millions’ of ‘Surge Prepares Quietly Administration “Obama @j_strong: by @BreitbartNews Via
reality. in lives who leader strong a has America North least At terrorism. attack Ottawa the called immediately Harper PM Canadian
http://t.co/gCUgltxyzn ashamed! be should Obama #TrumpVlog
known! have man-should SELFISH very a is dining and bowling subway the on went and Africa West from N.Y. to flew just who doctor Ebola The
FLIGHTS! THE STOP important: and great something do to chance a have you but disaster total and complete a are you Obama President
golf! play to decided but country the over all from in flying people with outbreak Ebola N.Y.C. the on meeting major a has Obama President
Carter! Jimmy than president worse far a is Sotoro Barry aka Obama Hussein Barack President but lifetime my in it say I'd thought never I
incompetent! TOTAL A refused. he but simple So Africa. West from flights the stop to Obama President for weeks for saying been have I
fault with.Obama's contact had he things and people the of all find to trying frantically officials with N.Y.C. in confirmed been has Ebola
resign! &amp; people American the to apologize should Obama Ebolathen Africahas West from York New into flew recklessly so who doctor this If
bedlam! many Touched Ebola. has York New into FLEW who and Africa West in patients treated who person a that possibility good a is There
fast! spreading is news but election after until numbers showing delay to trying Dems ObamaCare. of because increases premium digit Double
http://t.co/Oa3jE1v5Hm Beach Palm of jewel crown the is Club Mar-a-Lago landmark Register National the soon season 2014 the for Opening
http://t.co/YAmDub52wO Verdes Palos in Ocean Pacific the overlooking @TrumpGolfLA experience golf public luxury the of pinnacle The
http://t.co/ThSm1JfoPY Parade® Thanksgiving @Macys Annual 88th the to access viewing exclusive with @TrumpNewYork Thanksgiving Celebrate
fold! will dope stubborn this point some At Africa. West stricken Ebola on ban travel a institute to Obama President on pressure Tremendous
http://t.co/uCL9A7TwnQ Marine! our Free #TrumpVlog
@Team_Mitch! Vote legislation. anti-gun Obama's supports &amp; industry coal kill to restrictions harsh supports Grimes Alison
Senate! to @RoundsforSenate Send ban. travel Ebola opposes &amp; payer single to ObamaCare expand to wants Weiland Rick candidate Dem SD Liberal
candidates Senate Democrat ALL describing Obama Barack – me.” with vote who folks all are candidates “Dem
admission! own his by is Schneiderman http://t.co/za3cNMqImo Cokehead” a @AGSchneiderman Calls “Trump @evanmcmurry: by @Mediaite Via
http://t.co/FY5VQ450oT excerpt @TheBlazeBooks out Check #HandsOffMyGun! book new great her of release the on @DLoesch to Congratulations
@EricTrump! interview Great http://t.co/GJDZzWnYdn Dore Ivy Holly by life” high Trump of glimpse offers “Event @reviewjournal Via
don’t! 2016?—I for himself rehire he’d think you do 2012 of loss horrendous the suffered he &amp; sector private the in were Romney Mitt If
http://t.co/OPG2R2ytkr circulating. is that cartoon interesting An
honor. great A Dinner. Award Wharton Joseph The Club. Wharton the by D.C. Washington in Hyatt Park the at honored being I’m today Later
http://t.co/LWpPK6oSNL justice- African South #TrumpVlog
#BenBradlee family. whole the &amp; Dino to condolences warmest My led. he life amazing an What greats. the of one truly was Bradlee Ben
BEST! the Finance of School Wharton the by honored being then and AVE. Penn. on building I'm hotel the on check to today D.C. to going I'm
become! country respected once our has stupid How country? the into back ISIS join to U.S. the left who girls three the letting we are Why
ago! long done been have should move sense common This instituted. be will ban travel full a U.S. the in case Ebola more one is there If
families! their and them to unfair very - training Ebola of hours 4 gotten only have Africa West to sent were which troops States United The
garbage! to turns touches he Everything straight." shoot couldn't that "gang the become truly has Obama President under States United The
sad! Very laughs! enemy as ISIS of middle the into right supplies and weapons military of shipment large a dropped air accidentally U.S. The
one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation
@ThomTillis! Vote ObamaCare. under plan healthcare your keep would you that promised also She ban. travel Ebola on Hagan Kay believe Don’t
#FreeOurMarine Tahmooressi. Sgt. on Mexico pressure won't he But daily. border our cross drugrunners &amp; US into fly Ebola let will Obama
@Wharton honor! great D.C.—a of Club Wharton the at Award Wharton Joseph 2014 the receive to tomorrow D.C. Washington in be will I
moron! a is judge travesty.The O.J. Another girlfriend. his of murder blooded cold the for months 10 serve only likely will Pistorious Oscar
guy! nice really a also but achievements fashion Great 82. at died just has RENTA LA DE OSCAR fashion in greats all-time the of one Wow
writings. own her read even couldn't Judge decision! Ridiculous girlfriend. his killing for prison in years five gets only Pistorius Oscar
call? a make to lazy too or incompetent too president a have we because prison Mexican a in sits now who marine our forgotten everyone Has
http://t.co/xcJdK5YenE one'” 'great be to has president Next “Trump: @rodboshart: by @scj Via
http://t.co/LnDC52GfKD views'" right 'the has @SteveKingIA “Trump: @SharynJackson: by @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/pVfBeym0av @CaffThoughts @shanevanderhart’s on @SteveKingIA with conference press full my watch can you ICYMI
http://t.co/DINxhaeQpU one’” great ‘a be to needs president Next Trump: “Donald @KObradovich: by @DMRegister Via
@TripAdvisor! from Panama in Hotels 10 Top &amp; Excellence of Certificate the receiving for @TrumpPanama @TrumpCollection’s to Congratulations
2014! for Oahu for Winner Award Elite Stay In Best @Orbitz named being for @TrumpWaikiki to Congrats
cokehead. a be cannot General Attorney NY public. results immediately—make test drug a take must .@AGSchneiderman
http://t.co/WfuJ9EW6HP senator. state a was he while cocaine used @AGSchneiderman NY dopey that stated been It’s
worse any get can't president a of excuse pathetic a truly is Obama But Obama! us gave he bad so was he fact in Bush of fan a never was I
it! of tired plain just are States United the of people the and time long very a for another after mistake one made has Obama President
happenings! U.S. strange other and Obama Ebola about Talking minutes. 45 - 7.00 at @foxandfriends on be will I
success! great a was King Steve Congressman for event the and amazing are people The state. beautiful a what - Iowa from returned just I
man! mad total a of thinking the is Africa.This West from ban travel a with safe" "less be would America that said just Obama believe you Do
joke Ebola-A on meeting major first his missed just Czar" "Ebola the as appointed just Obama President that hack political and lobbyist The
great! be will - now Iowa for leaving I'm
before! never like price a pay would notMexico If call. phone one with jail of out let be would Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt. president were I If
not! Perhaps racists? called being are nations their into coming from Africans West banning are that nations African 14 the think you Do
IN" ON "COME = U.S. the But nations. other many Likewise nations. their entering from Africans West banned totally have nations African 14
http://t.co/syk1ZiGn8y" Incompetence” Obama's Of Proof Further Is Ebola Says Iowa To Headed Trump “Donald @AlexPappas: by @DailyCaller
JOKE! TOTAL A control. disease infectious in experience zero and area medical the in experience zero with Czar Ebola an appointed just Obama
positive! Be determination. &amp; focus resolute with dreams your chase Entrepreneurs happen. it make can’t you it see can’t you If
http://t.co/syk1ZiGn8y Incompetence” Obama's Of Proof Further Is Ebola Says Iowa To Headed Trump “Donald @AlexPappas: by @DailyCaller Via
http://t.co/g4yNUKHUAE Avenue Pennsylvania to soon Coming
@lilsarg by http://t.co/ENH8mefxRR It" About Do Can You Nothing There’s &amp; 2016 in Avenue Pennsylvania on Be Will Trump "Donald
Amendment. anti-Second is &amp; ObamaCare supports Nunn did. she course Of Obama. for voted she admit not will Nunn Michelle Now
executive. terrible is Obama CDC. with duplicity &amp; mismanagement More Rice. Susan adviser NSA &amp; WH the to report will czar Ebola new The
Melania! got contest—I better—no much got I @rustyrockets @piersmorgan .@yuSiddiqui
dummy! class first dead—a be would he that Without aggression. &amp; energy for except himself for going nothing has Russell .@piersmorgan
http://t.co/LZzoDjSIez @piersmorgan writing. great also and article wonderful the for Piers you Thank
http://t.co/DmHYKHOJVd better- much do will .@katyperry
@SteveKingIA! leader Conservative strong &amp; friend my for campaign to tomorrow Iowa to returning be to excited Very
restaurants. food bad his on focused only He’s badly. so failing are @VanityFair and Carter Graydon that seeing love I
http://t.co/PXsCUy27ax me. to letters her see help- for me begged who Ward Vicky writer rate 3rd
guy? this with wrong is hell the What Africa. West from and to flights dangerous potentially very the stop not will Obama like Looks
lost! is who dummy a joke total a is Russell bad. really looks he - fried is mind his think I and Brand Russell watched I .@katyperry
waste! a going nothing got has who guy a is There Brand. Russell loser married you when thinking you were hell the what Katy .@katyperry
http://t.co/UC0KhcAA2R friend! great a is Doc @TrumpGolfLA. event charity golf annual River’s Doc on @jillpainter by art. @FOXSports Great
apology! of letter nice really a me send did he but – @rustyrockets Brand Russell married she when drunk been have must .@katyperry
loser! major Russell—a in see people do hell the night—what other the show @jimmyfallon the on @rustyrockets Brand Russell watched I
http://t.co/PWRusADvr3 Sat. on @SteveKingIA for Iowa to trip my &amp; incompetence Obama’s Ebola discussing interview @SteveDeaceShow My
http://t.co/r1xXUORZo3 right! they’re when fight should people More @AGSchneiderman. sleazebag against victory my about Read
anymore country great once our in works Nothing again. back (amazing) and Cleveland to fly to allowed been have NEVER should nurse Ebola The
Psycho! flights. the stop he won't Why health. mental Obama's President with wrong seriously something is there that think to starting am I
now! right it Do Africa. West from and to flights stop to themselves airlines the and attendants flight pilots airline the for time is It
remains Little gutted. or out thrown was U. Trump re case his of Most Schneiderman. Eric A.G. lightweight against victory great a had just I
race. the of weeks last the in it blew and chance his had He again. president for run would Romney Mitt that believe can't I
JV real The allowed! so been have never should Cleveland.She to fly to allowed was Duncan Thomas patient Ebola treated who Dallas in nurse A
FLIGHTS" THE STOP hear"I'LL to want all we what say didn't he conference press his at dispensed just Obama President words the of all With
Rivers Doc Coach -@LAClippers it.” embrace and it from learn should You history. from run ever should you think don’t “I
http://t.co/hotvBijHrI suits &amp; shirts ties in styles top fall’s this offers @Macys available Collection Signature Trump J. Donald The
beauty:http://t.co/f7qvzVbXsW season's the in take you recommends @TrumpCollection where See #NewYorkCity. in fall like nothing There's
from. away walk you one the is make you deal best the sometimes that negotiations in remember always – entrepreneurs Young
Ebola?! about safe feel we can How work. not does still website The $5B. with website proper a make not could president Our
http://t.co/HUF0Z0MB3V Amendment! First the for win court important their on @Citizens_United team his &amp; @David_Bossie to Congratulations
http://t.co/soSNxLTxlw ISIS” to Fall to Likely Baghdad “Trump: @wandacarruthers: by @Newsmax_Media Via
@SteveKingIA! Conservative strong and friend my support to Saturday this state Hawkeye the to returning to forward Looking
https://t.co/iAa0AEEhZ3 announcement!” special a has Trump “Donald Page: Facebook Congress for King Steve @SteveKingIA’s Via
http://t.co/jWB6i1qtHX Iowa in Sat. this Steve for visit campaign upcoming my discussing w/@SteveKingIA @whoradio on int. @amtalker My
loser! total publicity—a self wants Only NY. of out jobs &amp; business driving is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
respected! least the of one is @AGSchneiderman Dopey politics. in people respected most the of one is @CahillForAG John
Ebola! contract who US the in people all embrace &amp; visit to responsibility personal a has Obama President
both! say I - incompetent plain just or stubborn he Is flights. the stop to refuses still Obama
this. to all alerted Cuomo Governor today. eyeliner Revlon wearing is @AGSchneiderman Tuesday. It's
things! change to @Perduesenate for Vote Amendment. 2nd opposes &amp; ObamaCare supports She Obama. for vote solid a be will Nunn Michelle
golf. his for pay we Then lies. on run can Democrats so millions fundraise can he so travel Obama's for pay We
@Team_Mitch! Vote Hypocrite. primary. in Hillary for voted she admits yet ballot Obama her of 'sanctity' the protect will Grimes Alison
http://t.co/IanKmlfj8P Year This Tour on courses Toughest 10 the of one named being for course #BlueMonster @TrumpDoral's to Congratulations
McGraw Phil Dr. -- yourself. from more require to have you more want you If
debt! in trillion $18 hit just we else everything of top on now hopeless...and is that leadership and U.S. the in problems many So
warming). global (aka change climate stop to how on paper a submitted just administration Obama the wildfire like spread Ebola and ISIS As
Carter than golf.Worse playing day the spent Obama President U.S. the facing difficulties and problems the of all thatwith believe you Can
Bezos Jeff -- new." anything do don't sake goodness' for criticized be to want never you "If
@Team_Mitch! Vote her! trust can’t you then embarrassed is she if even Obama for voted she admit can’t Grimes Alison If
http://t.co/MJPYrxJm23 masterpiece historic an is hotel boutique Lodge &amp; House MacLeod @TrumpScotland’s @VisitScotland by Stars 5 Awarded
Sad! fail. to destined is that strategy a with ISIS against in them boxed has He Obama. at fuming are generals military The
http://t.co/gWiy6t8eyS U.S. at laughing is China #TrumpVlog
son. like father Like @FoxNewsSunday. on week every job great a does Chris Wallace! Chris to birthday belated Happy
@WileyBiz time! of Waste Ward. Vicky by Building Motors General the on book boring very &amp; written poorly a reading finished Just
http://t.co/RMJsc6ZoCJ MailOnline Via chiefs. Tourism Scottish by status star 5 awarded Scotland Links Golf Int'l Trump
ISIS. by over taken be to about is Baghdad Iraq on trillion $2 spent we After this: of Think
soft! too flags many too games Boring Bills. the get didn’t I glad I’m actually that now boring so are games @nfl The
happen. won’t that Now winner. a produced have would I Bills Buffalo the for price ridiculous a pay to refused I though Even
luck! Good Sabres. w/the has he than Bills w/the better does he hope I but team the got Pegula Terry happy be should Buffalo of people The
USA! at laughing are They September. in 15% rise exports China Wow
minutes! 15 in .@foxandfriends
anymore! much them watching not just I'm event any In imagination? magnificent my just it is or boring getting games NFL Are
topics. be will ISIS and Ebola 7.00. at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
care! doesn't just or stupid stubborn is he because Africa West torn Ebola from flights the stopping isn't Obama President if know don't I
it! caught Ebola with infected Africa West from U.S. the into flew who man the Duncan Thomas treated who worker healthcare A - go we Here
FLIGHTS! THE STOP AND late too is it before Africa West from home soldiers ill-trained and innocent 4000 our bring NOW Obama President
ISIS! Welcome more. even U.S. the hate and tougher and meaner be will Iraq of leader new the - fell Hussein Saddam when said I when Remember
story! biggest the be would it name wrong the by Braley calling by made just Obama Mrs. that mistake the made Republican conservative a If
times. seven Bailey Bruce him called she crowd large a before Braley Bruce endorsing When Iowa. in mistake terrible a made Obama Michelle
dummies! flights the stop Just Africa. West from coming people for effect into go screenings Ebola new today starting ridiculous it Isn't
(me!). Donald son his about C.Trump Fred by quote a nice So gold!" to turns touches he everything it like anything seen never "I've
disaster! A out. coming results horrible despite burner back the to gone has ObamaCare etc. ISIS Ebola of because that notice you Do
plan.” healthcare your keep can you plan care health your like you “If Obama: = Ebola.” control will “I Obama:
good. than lucky be Rather Bills. the get didn't I Glad league. big down are ratings @nfl Wow.
soft! flags--too many games--too Boring dropping. keep will and week every fall to continue ratings @nfl The
accomplished. Mission belong. they where Buffalo in stayed they sure make to was @buffalobills on bid I reason only The
@mcuban world." the in else anyone than better industry and business your Know is. there equity valuable most the is equity "Sweat
http://t.co/JyEq5J9e0T Rejected” @Trump_Ireland Near Proposal Farm “Wind @DanDanaherNews: by @clarechampion Via
http://t.co/GHnml8M69i Countries” Outbreak Ebola From Banned Flights Want Percent 58 Trump Donald With Agree “Americans @theinquisitr: Via
http://t.co/uNI7SQsQYR suckers? sad the we are Why #TrumpVlog
commercials! his does he when Cuomo by out pointed as eyeliner his remove should .@AGSchneiderman
loser! a what but NY in Dem a is he because only win probably will @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
@CahillForAG Cahill John with election tough a in is US the in general attorney worst the @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
@Avik - take" don't doctors many that insurance health single-payer run government of form a on people poor puts "Obamacare
http://t.co/7qhMBXBVNu Room Board Executive @TrumpNewYork luxurious the at meeting business your Hold deal! the Seal
joke a testing Airport Africa. West from flights halting not by U.S. the in be to needs it than worse much problem Ebola the making is Obama
succeed! never will you pleasure and work balancing in interested are you If
trained. Not arms. in up are families Their Ebola. fight to Africa West the go to forced being are who soldiers 4000 the for sorry feel I
DUMB coming. were strikes the REPORTS NEWS ON hearing after fled leaders key because impact no had airstrikes in dollars of millions of Tens
SAD it!" do Americans stupid the "Let Ebola. with help to back anything put to refuses usual as yet and Africa out wealth ripping is China
can! you if now Buy owners. home time first for opportunities provide to continues market estate real residential The
Africa! West from flights all Stop drill. pandemic a for preparing are Marines Aids. than faster spreading is Ebola said just chief CDC The
failure. delusional a is He Ebola. contract to Liberia to them sends yet jihadists fight to troops send won’t Obama
http://t.co/sKBRhOGBvp Troops?” Sending You Are Why Ebola: on Obama Blasts Trump “Donald forza_desiderio: by @Mediaite Via
champ! Apprentice My @MailOnline! of States United the for Editor-at-Large as position new his on @piersmorgan to Congratulations
http://t.co/UnboWqeX86 place! great a Westchester in @TrumpNationalNY club golf My
standard! any by formidable is He guy. smart tough a is @AlexSalmond admit to have I
http://t.co/oSvVFgM70M Doonbeg. in course golf &amp; hotel my near windfarm massive down turned Council County Ireland—Clare from news Great
http://t.co/ZGBaetHnNt Ebola? catch soldiers brave our Will #TrumpVlog
nations oil African wealthy or Russia China from help Ebola.No fight help to Africa West to heading stupidly are troops U.S. 4000 now Right
Disney Walt – doing.” begin and talking quit to is started get to way “The
B's! DUMB YOU FLIGHTS THE STOP results. uncertain with Africa West from in coming people checking airports at fortunes spending is U.S. The
Washington! going Great power! economic World ONE NUMBER the as States United the overtaken just has China event reported little a In
low! new a be to has That clue. a have doesn't Obama that saying statement a released just Carter Jimmy Even
(stupid)? thick that be you Can happening? what's see you Can't late! too is it before - NOW Africa West from and to flights the stop Obama
DOPE Africa" West in been have they if asked be should fever with "anyone stated just CDC of Frieden Thomas Dr. fool this believe you Can
interrogation. for Gitmo to them Take revoked. passport their have should ISIS with fights who American Any
wall! a Build border. Mexico the crossing caught been have ISIS 10 least’ ‘At border. our at starts ISIS against fight The
skyscrapers. &amp; airports builds China while $'s wasting busy are We economy. largest world’s the as us overtaken just has China
http://t.co/eMysGlPuaT event” Trump ad TV first with up ramps “@SteveKingIA @JenniferJJacobs: BY @DMRegister Via
http://t.co/uftiNXs1us elections 2016 2014 &amp; market estate real Philadelphia’s City Atlantic on @Jim_Gardner with int. @6abc My
http://t.co/2rS9VRS6MX Ebola” on right was Trump “Donald Lord: Jeffrey BY @AmSpec Via
problem. the not solution the at Look victorious. as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/GCGBPHrTiB Spa Mar-a-Lago first Canada’s unveil will @TrumpVancouver residences &amp; hotel anticipated most Vancouver’s
http://t.co/cyhrbbApV3 flights! the Stop
Banks Henry - achievements.” tomorrow's reduce objectives put-off “Today's
dangerous. more even East Middle the making and disengaged is Obama airstrikes. Obama’s against even advancing is ISIS
work. even not does website the of back-end the And curve. cross the up bend and rise to continue premiums Obamacare
@CybergolfNews via http://t.co/i31CzRdeEI Planning" in Course Second Dubai; in Course Trump New First on Underway "Work
much! so gain they - helping Russia and China isn't Why against.ISIS! war the of handling the in fool incompetent an like looking is Obama
UP! GIVE NEVER failure. and success between difference the is persistence sheer think would you than often more because relentless was I
http://t.co/XQdKEg5z3e Succeed” Will Obama and Happens' Miraculous Something 'Maybe “Trump: @OwenTew: by @Newsmax_Media Via
Vescio. Mayor Replace money! waste they how joke total A Westchester. @BriarcliffManor high too far are taxes estate Real
disgrace! a is It @BriarcliffManor? in Road Pine repave Zegarelli manager and Vescio Mayor will When
hotel! top City’s Windy the @TrumpChicago at Festival’ Film International Chicago Anniversary ‘50th the enjoy to sure Be
http://t.co/GCcJLg5yDa Failure” A Presidency Obama Label Americans “Most @IBDeditorials: Via
#FreeOurMarine leaders. Weak place. first the in jailed been have should never He immediately. freed be should Tahmooressi Andrew USMC
http://t.co/uD5J1tXmFt 2016 &amp; sense common of lack Obama's ISIS of rise Ebola Obama of critique Panetta's Leon on int. @gretawire My
http://t.co/zwT0FkVfKJ casino" off coming name Trump wins. Donald "The @AaronSmithCNN: by @CNNMoney Via
@TrumpDoral Doral National Trump for reception Planners Meeting Corporate for evening this @TrumpSoHo being to forward Looking
forget. never you’ll meal a for @TrumpNewYork in restaurant the Visit #MichelinStars! 3 of years 10 for @Jean_GeorgesNYC Congratulations
boss!” mean pay low work “Hard executive: estate real a for ad in put Just
it blow Don't State. for power Big Washington. in it representing McConnell Mitch Leader Majority Senate the have to chance a has Kentucky
K.$'s Brings State. to status and power much so brings seniority Massive polls. Kentucky the in up way isn't McConnell Mitch believe can't I
public U.S. to F-you saying he's like almost Africa.It's West from flights stop to refuses Obama disaster Ebola increasing ever the Despite
fundraisers. his of 100% make does president our But briefings. intelligence his of 58% missed has Obama
PM 7 at tonight @gretawire Record The On on be will I
@kscj1360 via http://t.co/vGWKvBx1su @SteveKingIA” for campaign to “Trump
http://t.co/UB4r50jrD2 Cancer” Breast Beat to Works “@IvankaTrump @kristenmhenning: by @FootwearNews Via
@MiamiHerald via http://t.co/2m5YolMyc8 venue” Universe Miss as @FIU crown to Trump “Donald
@CWO_dotcom via http://t.co/VGtEUcMIk8 Dubai” in everything build to want ‘We “@DonaldJTrumpJr:
http://t.co/04thxvEv6y Ban” Travel Ebola Wants “Trump @NeilMunroDC: by @DailyCaller Via
result. final the love will You amazing. be will It phase. approval the in We're begun. yet not has Work .@ScotGolfPodcast
http://t.co/hdVc3GsAnW forum political the in air fresh of breath a you're Vulnerable" Bit Little "A book new on @JanineTurner Congrats
@nfl? in contributors and friends many No—too status? tax NFL the challenge ever will @AGSchneiderman crooked think you Do
topic! a be will Ebola Fighting 7.00. at (@foxandfriends) Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
things! other on Focus soft. too and flags many too boring too consuming time Too anymore. football NFL much watching be to going not I'm
arrogant? or stupid he Is U.S.! the entering continue to people sick very potentially these of all allowing in doing Obama is hell the What
work to back and off T.V. soft! too far and penalties many Too football. NFL watching bored totally getting I'm but is it what know don't I
change! quarterback a for Time it. have don't just Jets The
flights. area Ebola the stop to able be will you then and Israel is Africa West that Pretend idea! an have I Obama President
you? with wrong is hell the What late! too is it before now right areas infected Ebola from flights the down close - Obama President
HANDS! SHAKING NO thing: good very a be will that epidemic Ebola the of out come may changing society indeed and important very Something
prosecute! lives he If havoc. causing is papers false signing by U.S. the entered fraudulently who Duncan Thomas patient Ebola This
foolishly! very behaving is U.S. Africa? West in over while quickly so it caught cameraman NBC an come how non-contagious so is Ebola If
PRESIDENT! TERRIBLE Africa. West from U.S. the into pouring people and flights the stopped hasn't still Obama President that believe you Can
http://t.co/w7r1olLV7V #TrumpAdvice
Africa! West from flights down shut to unwilling totally is but Isreal to flights down shut to quick was Obama President interesting Really
you! Thank thought. and writing amazing such Andy Wow @not_that_actor
guys! Great Monster. Blue the Doral National Trump at golf playing today Allen Ray and Jordan Michael Saw
died. person and did he knew He Ebola. with person a with contact into came never he saying by papers exit his on lied Duncan patient Ebola
entailed! danger and problems the of all with country our into come to people infected Ebola these allowing leaders our are incompetent How
so! you told go-I we people.Here 100 over with contact into Came doing. was he what exactly knew country our into came who patient Ebola The
Enjoy! Miami. in suites and rooms beautiful most the has Doral National Trump at hotel new brand The
amazing! is place This contractors. by completed just work checking day the spend I'll where Miami in Doral National Trump at arrived just I
flights Stop fast. Africa-and over all Spreading admitting. are representatives government and CDC the than transmit to easier much is Ebola
http://t.co/oeIVKKZBys course public top nation’s the is @TrumpGolfLA winner Award Diamond Star Green &amp; Diamond @aahs5star A
http://t.co/BFvxVb453v details and furnishing impeccable feature Guestrooms Deluxe @TrumpDoral’s @IvankaTrump by Designed
Washington?! with wrong is What ‘rebels.’ Syrian arming millions wasting are we yet unemployed country our in millions have We
Commander-in-Chief?! security. national on briefed get to bothered be can’t but day every fundraiser a attend can Obama
East? Middle the in just are al-Qaeda &amp; ISIS think you Do border. the at starts security national Our
http://t.co/uwxhlqEcjn Doonbeg at Lodge Star 5 the &amp; golf breathtaking offers @Trump_Ireland @CNTraveler by Europe” in Resort “#1 Rated
level? highest at Racism "Whiteish"! show a of furor the imagine you Can "Blackish"? entitled show a have to allowed Television ABC is How
immediately! Africa West from U.S. the into flights Stop
brightest? the and best the appoint president the can't head.Why her over way is she like looks Director Service Secret the is who woman The
other! no like plague States-a United the over all be will Ebola or restrictions travel strong institute immediately must States United The
flights all Stop Ebola. fight to Africa West to over soldiers ill-equipped and trained poorly of thousands send to president our is dumb How
WORSE! GET ONLY WILL IT AND U.S. in Ebola have we Now Africa. West from flights all cancel should we that ago long stated I go! we Here
House White police properly even country!Can't own our in problems enough have we protests Kong Hong the of out stay should Obama President
Hilton Conrad - quit." don't they but mistakes make They moving. keep people Successful action. with connected be to seems "Success
guess! I busy Too DOD. or CIA the by person in briefed get he does nor briefings intelligence his read not does Fact--Obama
@Parag1301 by @Emirates247 via http://t.co/jv8j6N3II6 @DonaldTrumpJr" says rebound Emirate's from Learn Dubai': in "'Everything
http://t.co/2MoL3MrXgv threat" ISIS about know didn't Obama 'Inconceivable' "Trump: @wandacarruthers: by @Newsmax_Media Via
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep
it. for go and there out Get less. Nothing focus. 100% and effort 100% requires success that realized I've
http://t.co/f9VNMdH5ip @10Best! @USAToday by explored dining” fine “elevated @SixteenChicago’s see to Excited
http://t.co/uH6a7k9xvp access parade exclusive for @TrumpNewYork Stay #MacysParade. #Thanksgiving the for rest the trump views Our
http://t.co/dhLnMUxKW0 article Full @Nougatine_NYC. in bite a for @TrumpNewYork stop a including @nytimes in seen as Park Central hrs 36
coffee? holding heli a exit to have he does hell the why but hand his in coffee of cup a with Marine a saluted Obama that only wasn't It
November! in out her Vote Amendment. 2nd the opposes &amp; ObamaCare for vote deciding the placed illegals for amnesty wants Shaheen Jeanne
http://t.co/1zW0zhV5ic troll abusive and @stellacreasy re UK from case Interesting
plan.” your keep can you plan healthcare your like you “If Obama: = ISIS” destroy will Obama:“I
@lanheechen by @BloombergView via http://t.co/J3TEY8jGRP Democrats” Cost Will Spending Obamacare “Runaway
ObamaCare &amp; amnesty supports Nunn Michelle https://t.co/KhnHd5i13r Border Our “Secure ad new @Perduesenate’s Georgians all for watch Must
@TelegraphSport via http://t.co/5O77c1c4zR course” golf Scottish Trump's Donald “Inside
http://t.co/IiFjSYuPYv success” huge a Show Horse Park Central “NY’s @HorsetalkNZ: Via
Doral. at you See tough. and insightful Most weekend. this job Miller—Great Johnny
WGC. Cadillac the at March in you See play. the &amp; attitude the Love Doral. at champion our as you have to proud are Reed—We Patrick
it. say you how and say you what love People fantastic. was weekend this commentary Your .@montgomeriefdn
going! Great champ. the be you’d boxer a were you If is. there guy toughest the are You .@Graeme_McDowell
champion! true a are You weekend. this going Great .@WestwoodLee
well! selling is line clothing your importantly as almost and going Great .@IanJamesPoulter
soon. u See amazing. You're it. believe couldn't putters best the Even unprecedented. was weekend this on put you display The .@JustinRose99
Doral. at u see job Fantastic off. it topped weekend this and -- you for been has it year a What .@McIlroyRory
Sad! trusting. or nice be to not you teaches this guess I parents. their re somebody to nice being was I thought I
sue. I’ll Maybe retweeted. I kindness of RT—out pls + them to inspiration big a was I said parents his that tweeted fraudulently jerk Some
great! doing and finished now Doral Damon. and Gary with match a up set we'll - me call Charlie .@CharlieRymerGC
minutes). (15 7.00 at @foxandfriends doing be will I
up! fucked born were they that fact the help cannot They affection. and love great with so do I losers and haters the of speak I time Every
Clowns! @BBCWorld. and him of stupidity and bias the show to only @antbaxter Baxter named guy a with interview full the releasing be will I
about! talk to lot A 7.00. at morning Monday @foxandfriends on be will I
beheading? - fate same The penalty. death the then and trial fast very a given be should Oklahoma in woman the beheaded who animal The
will! they say I AGAIN? GREAT AMERICA MAKE will I that knowing me for vote losers and haters the will PRESIDENT for run I if wonder I
decisions! bad makes and golf plays PRESIDENT our while prison in sits He Mexico. of out Marine our gotten not have still we believe you Can
@Yankees him. like nobody is person--there special and athlete special a is Derek friend My
http://t.co/x4x5eYYR8a luxury ultimate offers &amp; glass golden of stories 64 has @TrumpLasVegas' destination elite most Vegas' Las
@jacknicklaus - yourself.” and course the adversaries: ultimate two game's the manage to learn you effectively how depends...on “Success
http://t.co/fruEPjLajZ views &amp; amenities of offering top DC's be will rooms guest expansive 250 DC’s Int'l Trump renovations of $250M With
http://t.co/lMiPOU4Pj9 Avenue Fifth over beams @TrumpTowerNY landmark iconic an as recognized Internationally
out! them Check Macy's. at shirts and ties Trump of line new the loving are People
favorite! my sport Amazing matches. tough and interesting Very @GolfChannel. on Cup Ryder the Watching
breaks! &amp; bends it it—but done have wouldn’t they iPhone screen large the about years 2 last the for Apple harass didn’t I if bet I’ll
http://t.co/Ag3TyZZxOh it! started you remember but show new the on luck good and offense .@Rosie—No
fast! hit &amp; hard it—hit telegraph don’t punch—and first the throw always bully a with fight a in you’re When
do! to have you what do and go Just prepare. can they so enemy the to tactics &amp; strategy our away giving be not should U.S. The
Senate. our back take Brown Scott friend my help to http://t.co/3azIAQHTvX to Go
holiday. the celebrating friends Jewish my all to Year New Happy
http://t.co/KzgqiC5F34 @ParadeMagazine by Families” and Teens for Hotels Coast East “Great a named being on @TrumpSoHo Congratulations
Leader Majority Senate for him supporting I'm speaker. for @McConnellPress Mitch Sen. for I'm that incorrectly tweeted unknown Someone
http://t.co/5FPbwMcL0n @PGAChampionship 2022 the hosting be to honored is Bedminster Nat’l Trump Year the of Course @NJPGA 2013 The
http://t.co/In1XMFWqyC approved” Menie at clubhouse golf Trump “Donald @BBCNews: Via
http://t.co/onCh3WxPWL @GovernorVA Coast. East on VA--largest Charlottesville in Winery Trump the at Virginia of Gov McAuliffe Terry With
Champion a Like Think – benefit.” will everyone more--and give more be more “Do
http://t.co/YyAajZiG4Q world-class are condominiums @TrumpChicago’s design architectural winning award w/ along amenities top Offering
targets. all missed has and working not is ObamaCare http://t.co/11X7cE3mRY Uninsured” Thousands Leave Could Mismatch Data “Obamacare
war. the planning civilians the are These Wrong. http://t.co/s4AI85JHSe border Syria’s on was Arabia Saudi that said administration Obama
http://t.co/8CK5Pcdfsf destination top NYC's is @Jean_GeorgesNYC @TrumpNewYork’s restaurant star 5 @AAAnews &amp; @ForbesInspector The
@BriarcliffManor town. for bad now—very re-paved be Must hell. like looks Road Pine Vescio: and Zegarelli
http://t.co/HLCYGmiBKB Oxygen! AKOYA at #Dubai Club Golf World Trump course #golf Trump 2nd a developing are Organization #Trump &amp; DAMAC
hide and prepare to able were they that bombing start would we when to as signals many so and time much so given was ISIS many to According
KY to $’s bring &amp; Leader next be may who @McConnellPress Mitch Sen. have they Senator– rookie a want Kentucky of people the would Why
Lincoln Abraham – other.” any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear “Always
next? What’s ISIS. against Iran with coordinate army our having is Obama Now
furious. be must Generals The disaster. unmitigated another is plan war ISIS his of rollout Obama’s
http://t.co/NpY9Nw6fvJ rags! to back and riches to rags From
http://t.co/jzU0kObjRm City Atlantic about article Interesting
@BriarcliffManor Road. Pine condition—repave terrible in roads high too way Taxes job. terrible a doing is Vescio Mayor Manor Briarcliff
@foxandfriends Enjoy! minutes). (30 7.00 at Friends and Fox on be will I morning. Good
painlessly. forward move to unable are We purpose. or direction of sense all lost has it that correct politically so become has country Our
well. it use - quotes brilliant totally my of more one Just nothing!" have you energy without and energy have don’t you passion "Without
valuable so teams makes which scam tax giant the ending time same the at while revoked immediately status non-profit its have should NFL The
games! Boring trouble. big in be will NFL the down go ratings the and leaving start sponsors the if Now tarnished! really is image NFL The
front! better a on put must indecisive and weak really looks Roger (GMA). history sports U.S. in scandal biggest the this called just They
fate. of twist new each to reacts person a how is losers the from winners the separates What
us on turn doing.Will he is hell the What are. they who sure Syria.Isn't in rebels" "moderate to weapons giving is Obama that believe you Do
stupid. so is Obama U.S.? to back plague the Bring Africa! of areas infested Ebola into soldiers ill-trained of thousands sending we are Why
NFL! the and him at laughing are players smart street His up. toughen and listen will who everyone to apologizing stop must Goodell Roger
Covey Stephen - out.” it carrying discipline is management Effective first. things first putting is leadership “Effective
out. them check Go @Macys. ties and shirts Collection Signature Trump of selection new Brand
me! of because @buffalobills the for overpaid Pegula me. thank should family Wilson The
November. in her beat will @BillCassidy poll @FoxNews a in Landrieu over 13 by Leading
gain? China’s for lifting heavy the do we should Why ISIS. against finger a lift won’t they yet oil Iraqi of exporter leading the China's
http://t.co/sWFmZzsaaC place. great A York. New in clubs regarded highly most the among is Westchester Nat’l Trump
@MikeBloomberg 3* CSI Prix Grand Park Central inaugural the winning on Bloomberg Georgina to Congratulations
him! for better much been have would vote the Scotland over all turbines wind ugly pushed not had @AlexSalmond if that convinced am I
Aberdeen! at him with golf playing to forward look &amp; well @AlexSalmond wish I decision. great spoken—a have Scotland of people The
direction. right the in going be you'll and proportions equal in think and work Learn
attribute. an often is stubborn Being way. long a go can persistence that Realize
http://t.co/TijMQ1OxD0 Ocean Pacific the over looking Terrace Vista our with Weddings" of "Best the for pick @theknot’s is .@TrumpGolfLA
success! tremendous a and show great a be will it - Doral/Miami to come to Pageant Universe Miss the getting on Congratulations @Luigiboria
@VinceMcMahon - forward.” two take to back step half a take to have you “Sometimes
learn? we will When years. long 10 for them gave we training &amp; weapons the of majority the squandered has army Iraqi The
doing! he is What Syria? in them arm &amp; Iraq in ISIS bomb to wants Obama So
amnesty. and ObamaCare on focus Must Senate? the take to chance their blow to going Republicans the Are
oil! foreign need don't We http://t.co/MlCkUYsMPm Weapon” Energy Untapped “America’s @AmbJohnBolton: &amp; @boonepickens by article read Must
http://t.co/4WnfqUygW8 rooms renovated newly 176 offers @TrumpNewYork Star 5 skyline Manhattan the &amp; Park Central of views panoramic With
amazing! was response the Wow @espn. on @MikeAndMike on be to honor great a was It
http://t.co/fEYAhQ7lGB warming. global as known formerly change climate so-called on article Great
Smith Dean -- option.” an not is sidelines the on sitting when contest every in point a is “There
minutes! two in @espn Mike and Mike On
troops! the sending than rather ObamaCare on Africans all put should President the perhaps Africa in outbreak Ebola the stop to order In
Cash Johnny - money.” except world the in thing damn every about worry to having is “Success
country. our to insult an is Tahmooressi Sgt. hold to continues Mexico day Every
http://t.co/jiIYPL3SKE wife &amp; mother Tahmooressi’s Sgt. 1w/USMC Oct. on hearing a hold will @RepEdRoyce &amp; @RepMattSalmon - IMPORTANT
http://t.co/lvS6IMvfTT out. it cause--check great A adversity. facing children empower and educate to play of power the uses Play To Right
win! will He ObamaCare. against hard fight will who guy fantastic a He’s @Perduesenate. Perdue David with met Just
late. too is it Africa—before of areas infected Ebola the from coming traffic air all stop immediately must We
either. will else one no don't you If yourself. in Believe Entrepreneurs:
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers Entrepreneurs:
less. Nothing focus. 100% and effort 100% requires success that realized I've
shows best Dana)the (ask UFC introduced boxing big the had I ago. years left I after magic its lost City Atlantic that notice anybody Does
problems enough have We infected? home come will Ebola.They with help to Africa to troops 3000 sending be will U.S. the that believe you Can
etc. center convention airport - years the over pols the by decisions bad many So City. Atlantic to happened has what see to sad so is It
funds! by badly run were They Taj. &amp; Plaza save to price lower much at in back buy may I Now timing. good ago years City Atlantic left I
goals. your accomplish can you and yourself in Believe successful. be never will you then resolve unyielding with focus can’t you If
Coolidge Calvin - strong.” the down pulling by weak the up build to expect “Don't
record! historic A stamps. food on people 49500000 are There economy. strong a building on Obama to Congratulations
abroad. or home at him trusts one No broken. already is ISIS against coalition international an build to promise Obama’s
http://t.co/AFxKhHrpSM Trump” Donald featuring Event School Loeb for sale on @newhampshirecom:“Tickets Via
http://t.co/KqvoeKLJAN 2015” in @TrumpDoral to Coming Pageant “@MissUniverse @nbc6: Via
http://t.co/zBVwkzPYYi accommodations luxury &amp; dining include also amenities world-class @TrumpScotland’s links championship With
exciting! watching—really is world whole The Thursday. on be may decision their whatever Scotland of people the to luck Good
Enjoy! A.M. at.7.00 Friends and Fox on be will I
sorry billion $10 Plus bankrupt. went NEVER I haters and losers For timing). (great ago years City-sold Atlantic with do to nothing have I
game! the playing is excitement real The score. keep to way a as except me for motivation big a never was Money
leader! pathetic a reps who salesman poor a is he and afraid are They ISIS. fighting in us join to nations other get cannot Kerry Secretary
Montana Joe - start.” to prepared be “Always
late! too it's before Repeal http://t.co/AdsN1jVf7I jobs business small 350000+ eliminated &amp; $22B over by pay workers’ cut has ObamaCare
November! in @ThomTillis Vote Obama. with along goes recklessly who liberal proven a is She ObamaCare. &amp; Amnesty for voted Hagan Kay Sen.
http://t.co/YByppBxGvB Guestrooms Spa to Suites Deluxe from range rooms Star 5 339 @TrumpChicago’s views skyline &amp; lake river Offering
them! arming be not should We address. Obama’s after ISIS to allegiance their pledged rebels Syrian ‘moderate’ so-called The
http://t.co/SuLDq6m1g5 luxury high-end fueling is that demand starving the discussing interview @CNBC .@DonaldJTrumpJr’s
http://t.co/rYKTW0JRq5 hundreds” hire to looking “@TrumpDoral @hannahbsampson: by @HeraldBusiness Via
http://t.co/HEMVkgRkgv club elite Carolina’s North is @Trump_Charlotte water the along directly course designed @SharkGregNorman a With
disaster! O.J. another is This killer. a like act didn't he said She moron. total a is case Pistorious Oscar the in judge The
https://t.co/uJC4G64xyN Zero Ground visiting after reporter German a with 9/13/01 on interview My
freedom. our &amp; justice for sacrificed have who all to thanks give and attack the of families their and victims the for pray we 9/11 On
statement! better A stronger. and taller except were they as exactly Center Trade World the of buildings two the rebuilt have should They
O.J.! since guilty more been has one No murder. of guilty not him found has case Pistorious Oscar the in judge the that believe can't I
back! him get to trying billions spending are we now and ISIS of leader the released politicians stupid very our that believe you Can
up! 747s.Pay Boeing private their protect not will we or years ten next the for oil free (demand!) want we that others and Arabia Saudi Tell
them! save and in go to us for order in financially league big and away) running (no militarily participate must countries Eastern Middle
now! up Pay extinction. total from saving our for pay to willing helping are we who others and Arabia Saudi is much how know to want just I
courses! my of one any at golf lifetime free him give will country—I the to service great a doing thereby NOW office from resigns Obama If
http://t.co/Cde5TciZdw @KingdomMag King! --The you like one no is There Arnold. Birthday Happy Palmer: Arnold Attention
listened. Apple welcome! You’re http://t.co/5CCg8p8N2O screen” iPhone larger demands Trump “Donald 2013: October from Flashback
http://t.co/f2BuzvbhcD links Scottish classical a is course Championship @TrumpScotland’s coastline Aberdeenshire the on dunes Imposing
@TVG_Sammi by @TVGrapevine via http://t.co/8RyhDimJ09 Rivers” Joan Talks Trump Donald “@ApprenticeNBC:
http://t.co/XrXAnJj7Wb services exceptional offer suites &amp; rooms guest luxury 462 @TrumpWaikiki’s high stories 38
http://t.co/7Pp2Mx0h6x vitality youthful restore help which treatments offers Spa Jupiter’s Nat’l Trump luxury: meets serenity Where
involvement! ZERO have I made. being mistakes political many so saw I when ago years left but City Atlantic in money of deal great a made I
Acheson Dean - time.” a at day one comes future the that remember “Always
worse. is warming’ ‘global fictional claims Media eagles. golden and bald both to US the in threat greatest the are Windmills
http://t.co/8a5COQuAG8 disconnect dangerous Obama’s on yesterday from @foxandfriends my @foxnewsinsider via ICYMI
error sec. nat'l Historic http://t.co/OtWXYrlsoP York” New in you see “I’ll gloated terrorist The chief. ISIS the released Obama '09 In
disadvantage. a at troops our puts It ISIS? against deploy will we tactics and strategy entire our away giving we are Why
history. in boondoggle internet greatest the be could This website. ObamaCare the of backend the fixed not has still Obama – Fact
http://t.co/8CK5Pcdfsf menu superb a features @jeangeorges @TrumpNewYork’s ratings Star 5 @ForbesInspector &amp; @AAAFiveDiamond Boasting
http://t.co/vxSW4NZJLL restaurant &amp; hotel its both for rating Star 5 @ForbesInspector a boasts @TrumpChicago stories 92 Soaring
http://t.co/hotvBijHrI best! your Dress wardrobe. fall your for designs new top offers @Macys available Collection Signature Trump The
duh! - Obama President in faith all lost have Americans of number record a that states poll New
Picasso —Pablo real." is imagine can you "Everything
Rich Get to How Trump: – day.” every ourselves give can we beginning new a is “Learning
force. work the of out are Americans 92M over low yr. 36 a at rate participation labor the With
election? the after until action executive his delaying Obama is why then class ruling DC the to according popular so is amnesty If
http://t.co/qMVZJzHtLq coastline Ayrshire the on landmark a is @TrumpTurnberry course @The_Open time four a Ailsa iconic the of Home
Enjoy! minutes). (30 a.m. 7.00 at @foxandfriends Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
missed. greatly be will She other! no like room a up light could She Rivers. Joan LADY GREAT to respect final pay to ready Getting
great! was She episodes. two in advisor my plays Joan all for happily and Apprentice Celebrity of season new a shooting finished just We
champion! a became she why is That quit. or up give never would she - drive and stamina amazing truly also but talent great had Rivers Joan
Apprentice! The of winner the became she when well really her know to got I today. Rivers Joan friend my of funeral the to going be will I
leaving.Corruption! before years for fought I which taxes estate real high ridiculously the are City Atlantic facing problems big the of One
sad! very but timing Good left. and ago years sold I me. with do to nothing has City Atlantic about read you anything Remember
happen! it Watch U.S. in hotel finest be Will jobs. Many D.C. in Avenue Pennsylvania on Office Post Old The of construction started just I
birth" of "place check and (destroyed?) records college Obama's hack please so else everything hacking are You hackers: all Attention
Carter Jimmy President former is person happiest The surprised? anybody Is rating! approval low ALL-TIME an reached just has Obama President
child. a for dose massive one not - time of period long a over doses small them give saying just am I vaccines give not to saying not I'm
http://t.co/0R81wgQ4BA @VCU @UVA @TheVFoundation support to @GovernorVA with @trumpwinery night last event Great
information. personal your secure even can’t site the and later dollars $5B hacked. was website ObamaCare The
country. our in years 100 over take would That expansion. in $23B over 2020 by parks theme new 59 complete to going is China
#FreeOurMarine release? his for call Obama will When days. 150 over for jail Mexican in held been now has Tahmooressi Sgt. USMC
Sunday. this debut @meetthepress his on @chucktodd to luck of Best
http://t.co/2kQKsftJe0 buildings” condo sky-high develop to race “Builders article @CNNMoney in @EricTrump by quote read Must
Up Give Never -Trump yourself" surprise will you time the of Most new. something learn to way best the is mistakes making &amp; risks "Taking
http://t.co/Oa3jE1v5Hm Places Historic of Register National the in landmark a is Beach Palm of jewel crown the Club Mar-a-Lago The
http://t.co/8xeIi3HnDZ her! to much so meant which Apprentice- Celebrity my became she when watch Rivers- Joan of memory In
Reagan Ronald Pres. – means.” peaceful by conflict handle to ability the is it conflict of absence not is “Peace
missed. greatly be will She boundless. were talent and energy Her friend. great a and woman amazing an was @Joan_Rivers Rivers Joan
Big Think – things.” big do can who person the into yourself “Mold
Senate! the to @BillCassidy Send state. the in home a own SHOULD you then Louisiana representing Senator a are you If Landrieu Senator
Gitmo. to them send in back come to try they If revoked. passport their have should Syria or Iraq in ISIS w/ fights who American Any
watching. and by sitting is Obama militarily. and technologically both move the on be to continues China
strategy. a not is hope internationally &amp; domestically both way hard the learning are we As
http://t.co/oaguXIaQHH skyline Vancouver the of icon the be will @TrumpVancouver luxury of generation next The
energy! great fantastic was @IamStevenT that. than better any get Doesn’t NJ. Newark in night last concert @Aerosmith attended I
reports! up fudged than better far know They response. me—amazing thanked have autism with children have who people many So
drop! will autism &amp; time of period a over out them dose.Spread massive 1 in them against I'm children your for vaccinations against not I'm
http://t.co/Oji1aaXa6O Challenge Links Irish Great 2014 the to host is &amp; Ocean Atlantic the fronts Ireland Hotel &amp; Links Golf Int'l Trump
on. move then quickly lessons your Learn efforts. your for say final the as failure any view not Do Entrepreneurs:
problem. the not solution the at Look victorious: as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
tenacious. be all above but talent and skills your Apply tough. Be up. give Never Entrepreneurs:
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking and opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep Entrepreneurs:
haphazard. be should Nothing it. for go and want you what exactly Know doing. you're what into got you've everything Put Entrepreneurs:
Jobs Steve -- follower." a and leader a between distinguishes "Innovation
future. their &amp; children our Save lied. doctors vaccinations—the massive about right proven being am I
time. over time a at vaccine horses—one not are children Tiny injections. massive more No
http://t.co/L3a3vqrrSc course premiere $250M sand white @TrumpGolfLA’s at golf public luxury of pinnacle the to yourself Treat
tonight. announcement @RyderCupUSA the at being to forward Looking
focus! your Keep follow. will success work hard With determination. with work to continue and patient be – entrepreneurs Young
@jack_welch - well.” that into tap is do to have you All unlimited. absolutely is spirit human the from flow idea “The
@Joan_Rivers - thinking.” is else everyone what saying by succeeded “I
http://t.co/SsOVwslf7V #ALSIceBucketChallenge- my accept @EricTrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr Watch
#SmackDownALS http://t.co/L0UlRrk5ld #ALSIceBucketChallenge! @VinceMcMahon's to responds @realDonaldTrump call! the answered He's .@WWE:
http://t.co/C7jH9ZyCLx @TrumpTowerNY- in app #Hyperlapse The
thx happen May #ALS" ;) Trump Mr. back it slicked you when good looked It back. combed hair your wearing try should you think I "AngieApon
trillion! wealth-$ great their and them protect to fortune absolute an us pay or won't they which wars own their fight should Arabia Saudi
paying? they aren't Why ISIS. from them protect to leaders political dumb VERY our taunting been has Arabia Saudi how watching been you Have
away! stay newspapers the in them about read or names their see you If doctors. celebrity are far) (by doctors worst the this Remember
have! not should that wrong really went Something age. her at throat her down camera a shoving doctor lousy a had @Joan_Rivers book my In
Timing demise? its before out getting for credit me give anybody does but - sad very is closures casino City Atlantic in happening is What
fighting! keep - Joan soon well Get .@Joan_Rivers
Big Think – majority.” the from you distinguishes immediately that &amp; big think Just nobody. a as start to had has thinker big “Every
do? Congress will What it. do to about he’s Now action. executive through amnesty granting by law” the ignoring be “would he said once Obama
http://t.co/FIXWcpQKTv Trump” Donald over water dump @MissUSA &amp; @MissUniverse survive? hair his did “But @MailOnline: Via
http://t.co/ZrfNtyYSxl Obama” Dares – Challenge Bucket Ice Takes Trump “Donald Lord: Jeffrey by @AmSpec Via
woman. amazing Apprentice Celebrity of Winner Rivers! Joan talented very and wonderful the friend dear my to wishes best and luck Good
http://t.co/H346MidHzR is- it here picture a wanted who you of those For #IceBucketChallenge
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @MissUniverse @MissUSA http://t.co/qqxRaTlKpP all- them Trumps that #IceBucketChallenge ALS The ICYMI
http://t.co/qqxRaTlKpP all- them Trumps that #IceBucketChallenge ALS The
Enjoy. morning! this hair my wash to have not will I least At honors. the do to USA Miss and Universe Miss reigning the asked have I
cause good a for is but doing to forward look I something not is It twitter. on morning this Challenge Bucket Ice A.L.S. the doing be will I
out he's &amp; call phone tough One leader. real a had we if easy so be Would jail. Mexican disgusting that of out Marine our get to got have We
champ! a be will genes good seriously has baby Your @kristinstape. and @Graeme_McDowell to Congratulations
winner! a are you well playing Keep surprised. all at not am I - Westchester National Trump at great were you heard I Bo .@bovanpelt.
tomorrow…. Twitter my to tuned stay #IceBucketChallenge- the accept to going I'm think I @HomerJSimpson @MikeTyson .@VinceMcMahon
#BringBackOurMarine . Tahmooressi! Sgt. USMC for finger a lifted not has he yet illegals of millions to amnesty grant will Obama
. bombed! Seth predicted I as Just http://t.co/dJ9v0Vfi30 Tumble” Rating “Emmy’s on @sethmeyers to Congratulations
http://t.co/pwsw51dqMW city the of views best the offer also options dining winning award .@TrumpChicago’s
http://t.co/KsrAdC2ZeR NYC in restaurant Five-Diamond &amp; Star 5 a with hotel Diamond 5 &amp; Star 5 Forbes only the is .@TrumpNewYork
Lincoln Abraham -- other. any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear Always
get! you luckier the work you harder the Remember
http://t.co/JjjadFK6IO rooms hotel luxurious most Vegas’ to yourself Treat destination. elite most City’s Sin is .@TrumpLasVegas
http://t.co/iK52zKSbOw Jobs” Illegals' to Access Borders Tighter for Call Blacks Hispanics “Poll: @CraigBBannister: by @cnsnews Via
DC! to Joni send Iowa Senator. US tremendous a make will @joniernst vet military accomplishments of record true a w/ legislator state A
today? economy the cost ObamaCare has jobs many How Tuesday. It’s
yourself! promote succeed you Once momentum. Gain success. for drive your in resolute be – entrepreneurs Young
http://t.co/bT1B2rFeWV me” for priority a is back Giving “@IvankaTrump: @JoeHeim: by @gulf_news Via
marvel. national a into built being is DC Washington Int’l Trump DC) in miracle (a budget &amp; track on renovations $200M record the With
bombed! Meyers Seth Host joke. a race Amazing (politics). again over and over winning shows Same night. last terrible was show Awards Emmy
Glasgow Ellen - it." gets little demands who "He
video)http://t.co/SanZ3GOh7x @foxandfriends (includes Beheading” Journalist With Lion' the 'Awakens ISIS Trump: “Donald @Newsmax_Media:
win! can He @SenatorSheehan. loving amnesty Obama’s against option GOP competitive most the is .@SenScottBrown
thinking? he is What Israel. to shipments up holding is he yet ISIS to Benghazi through weapons sent Obama
win. terrorists the then fundraise constantly &amp; vacations funded payer tax on go don’t I If motto: Obama’s
hell. to busted bunker be should he 100% identified is Foley beheaded who thug ISIS the Once
it! isn't ironic - ISIS attacking by Iran and Syria helping be now will We
mouth! his in Marbles talent. no almost with awkward very is He joke. total a is Awards Emmy the hosting is Meyers Seth That
A.M. 7.30 at @foxandfriends on be will I
times! dangerous very these in leader Poor properly. speak even can't He dumb. frankly and lost so seems Hagel Chuck Defense of Secretary
soon! very made be will decision A Pageant. Universe Miss the get to hard fighting are others numerous and area Miami Greater The
http://t.co/cAdCDUmg6d $3.99M” at record resale sets unit tower “@TrumpChicago @bob_writes: by @chicagotribune Via
Up Give Never Trump: – challenge.” next your find go and personally it take don’t experience to up failure “Chalk
http://t.co/YFHjMQBCr9 features w/special yds 7531 innovative &amp; challenging a is course designed @jacknicklaus Jupiter’s Nat’l Trump
http://t.co/LsmgzNtS6k amenities elite &amp; views multi-angle w/ condominiums stunning 118 offers @TrumpTO Street Bay trendy over Towering
http://t.co/HEMVkgRkgv course championship its complement to Clubhouse art the of state a offers @Trump_Charlotte Norman Lake beautiful On
http://t.co/NDDXt8L7q3 best. your Dress men. for fashion end high offers @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump The
http://t.co/G8xI6tr8jQ services planning event with space meeting in ft. sq. 100000 boasts @TrumpDoral Miami in acres beautiful 800 On
http://t.co/aWONzfoqoW windows floor-to-ceiling have each rooms spacious 391 @TrumpSoHo’s York New downtown of center the in stories 46
Up Give Never Trump – success.” to critical it’s and tenacity That’s work. to thing one just get to things of lot a try to have may “You
released? he was why so If http://t.co/RnHnrtA4tv detainee Gitmo been have may Foley James journalist American murdered who thug ISIS The
http://t.co/W4KUkTER9i waterfall 60-ft a features @TrumpTowerNY excellence architectural to testament world-famous A
http://t.co/8K00dZKjcm services &amp; amenities top offers membership Bedminster Nat’l Trump a leisure &amp; luxury life in investment An
care! &amp; food good to prior Rights Miranda their reporter the beheaded who terrorists ISIS the read will country correct politically Our
LEADERSHIP! oblivion. into blown them want intervention against people Even reporter. the of beheading the with mistake big a made ISIS
Monique! Thanks @Assouline_M
up. loosen to when know to is key The good. be can stubborn Being way. long a go can Persistence Negotiation: Re
level. any on negotiations successful for cultivated be to needs &amp; virtue enormous an is Patience Negotiation: Re
horizons. your and mind your expand will opportunity--this an as conflict View that. on focus &amp; want you what exactly Know Negotiation: Re
Roosevelt Theodore -- there. halfway you're and can you Believe
funeral Greene’s Harold General Major attend not did Obama that travesty a is it Vietnam since zone combat a in killed General first The
Champion a Like Think – work.” to chance a it give business--so your in and life your in play to part a has “Destiny
http://t.co/26lWoTp3uA year this later open to track on are Palm Golden The &amp; Fox Silver The Tiger Red The courses golf .@TrumpDoral's
http://t.co/fs4PJLpgx6 over times four course Championship @The_Open Ailsa iconic the to home is @TrumpTurnberry 1906 in Est.
http://t.co/Y0M1H2Q52T residences luxury 120 into Delmonico Hotel legendary the transformed Avenue Park Trump Avenue Park &amp; 59th On
http://t.co/VJGFwolYKE residences luxury 120 into Delmonico Hotel legendary the transformed Avenue Park Trump Avenue Park &amp; 59th On
http://t.co/6ZzkczEObm #TrumpAdvice
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking and opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep
Touch Midas – around.” all sailing smooth for makes it focus and loyalty energy same the with works everyone “When
http://t.co/L3a3vqaoQc views incredible with holes challenging 18 features course million $250 @TrumpGolfLA’s masterpiece yd. 7242 A
Einstein Albert -- new." anything tried never mistake a made never who person "A
Einstein Albert - enough.” well it understand don't you simply it explain can't you “If
http://t.co/Tas3Dhp9hH quality and sophistication in name premier the is @trumpwinery Virginia in wine rated highest .@WineEnthusiast’s
Babar Kailash by @EconomicTimes via http://t.co/hysDN8MTHc Trump” Donald says changed has India about “Perception
http://t.co/pVHA229OA6 Mumbai” in Tower Trump a build to plans Trump “Donald @mcasey1: by @FortuneMagazine Via
JOBS! - amazing be Will Office. Post Old the of site the D.C. Washington in World the of hotels great the of one building started Just
enlightening! very is trip This India. in people amazing Such
wild. going is Press great! doing is which luxury super building story 80 almost an Building India. Mumbai in day amazing an had just I
catastrophe? a it is or blip a this Is yourself: Ask perspective. in things keep so day every them have You’ll problems. for ready Be
boss? the Who’s problems. your than bigger be to Resolve Entrepreneurs:
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep Entrepreneurs:
Disney Walt - doing.” begin and talking quit to is started get to way “The
Franklin Benjamin - luck.” good of mother the is “Diligence
http://t.co/nCGbxozZ6N skyline Chicago overlooking guestrooms spa 53 &amp; rooms treatment services12 star 5 offers Spa @TrumpChicago The
Up Give Never Trump – result.” end your in you to back reflected be will it endeavors your about passionate are you “If
http://t.co/O4bYCBLewo golf class world of holes 36 offers Bedminster Nat’l Trump #USWomensOpen 2017 &amp; @PGAChampionship 2022 the of Host
http://t.co/7hNSKI8eYa government” Modi on betting India in investment plans Trump “Donald @sumeet_chat: by @Reuters Via
nominations! Political sergeant. drill the as Award Academy the win didn't Ermey Lee R. believe can't Jacket Metal Full watched Just
tragic. Very laugh. me make could who people few the of One comedian. &amp; actor wonderful truly a was Williams Robin
Big Think – on.” move then quickly lessons your Learn end. the as failure any view not “Do
Up Give Never Trump – side.” your on be will odds the and throttle full Go conquered. be can fear that “Remember
Lombardi Vince - impossible.” as them of think not did we if things more many accomplish would “We
http://t.co/HEMVkgAhev club top NC’s is @Trump_Charlotte @SharkGregNorman by designed course dramatic w/ club front lake spectacular A
http://t.co/KsrAdCl8sZ NYC &amp; Park Central of views unparalleled providing windows floor-to-ceiling have rooms 176 .@TrumpNewYork’s
http://t.co/SyPAQRw0gi Wallace Chris with interview Week” the of Player “Power @FoxNewsSunday .@IvankaTrump’s
Twain Mark -- started. getting is ahead getting of secret The
deals! business major of couple a on India in be will - morning this Friends &amp; Fox doing be won't Sorry
Respect! winning. and strategy at genius a leader great truly a need We World. entire the to stock laughing a isn't who President a need We
respected! longer no is States United the that fact the to attributed be can blame the of Much apart. falling is it know we as World The
Tzu Sun - battles.” hundred a of results the fear not need you yourself know and enemy the know you “If
careful. Be http://t.co/aX7ihXdcMz year this earlier anthrax of samples misplaced US to Ebola bringing is which CDC Same
http://t.co/2wE9qVjD17 chief" CDC says 'unprecedented' is spread "Ebola's
mistakes. his for covering Just says. he anything believe Don’t zone. combat Iraq into back troops send will Obama
http://t.co/PMStADcVl2 treasure Golf a is Philadelphia Nat’l Trump characteristics unique boasting each holes beautiful 18 With
apologize should Obama &amp; Bush beginning. very the from said I as mistake a was War Saddam. under time any than today dangerous more is Iraq
corrupt. and feckless is Schneiderman http://t.co/tH2ptCEA0y @AGSchneiderman” mute York’s “New Board: Editorial by @nypost Via
http://t.co/dG79uRFhSi office” @AGSchneiderman’s fleeing staffers key of “Dozens .@nypost:
http://t.co/L3a3vqaoQc golf of greatness the to testament a as stands course @TrumpGolfLA's courses public top @GolfWorldUS’ of One
http://t.co/x93J9wAEQV Graham Lee K. pageant @MissTeenUSA the of winner new The
surprise? of element the to happened Whatever ISIS. with doing is Obama like attack to going are we when enemy the tells country other What
India. in be Monday—will on AM 7 at @foxandfriends do to able be won’t I Sorry
consequences! have Elections http://t.co/778bc2kJxe 2015 in 13.2% rising premiums ObamaCare
http://t.co/AdNtgE2NaK @usopen the for Excited buy. can't just I something are These
opportunity. bring and motivation character build will It success. for ingredient key a is Discipline
success. to metrics key the are results and quality remember – entrepreneurs Young
http://t.co/BVsLbZCx26 occasion any for suitable options dining diverse offers @TrumpTurnberry Scotland Ayrshire South in Located
http://t.co/wN2MfNxqbz Toronto downtown of center the in luxury pure of stories 65 is @TrumpTO suites &amp; rooms guest Star 5 260 over With
good. some do will it where earth to down it bring and work the do focus you until vision remains Vision
present. the beyond look respects--they some in visionaries are Investors
begins. innovation where That's ideas. new to open Remain
Vinci da Leonardo -- mind. the exhausts never Learning
WALL! A BUILD BORDER! THE SECURE
Churchill delusion.”-Winston fatal a is wolves the to state small a throwing by obtained be can security that belief “The
soon u See @MiamiHEAT. with have you as well as do to want just I @TrumpDoral. @BLTPrimeMiami statement nice your for @MickyArison Thanks
up give ever Don’t passionate. Be focused. Stay big. Think
losers! and haters Sorry radio! talk revolutionized has Rush anniversary. year 26th recent his on @rushlimbaugh to Congratulations
http://t.co/U2PgqIqENP affairs catered &amp; dining everyday for experiences dining Star 5 of variety a offers @Trump_Charlotte Village The
agenda. dangerous Obama’s stop and Senate the take Let’s unite. must GOP the but now primaries contentious through going are We
luxury. true into transformed being is Office Post Old The track. on are DC Washington Int’l Trump of renovations in $200M The
today? hold Obama will dime taxpayer the on travelling fundraisers many How Tuesday. It’s
http://t.co/b99NeILc5z wind the in deployed fully sail majestic a evokes design sleek @TrumpPanama’s destination vacation ultimate The
http://t.co/IEzjd4xLft Week the of Player Power @FoxNewsSunday the named being on @IvankaTrump to Congratulations
http://t.co/58cvEY6piw Trump” elect and Obama “Impeach Dunn: R. Eugene by @LasVegasSun Via
http://t.co/jyoblbjNtJ donate: to here Click @StJude! for @EricTrumpFdn the to today birthday your dedicating for @elvisduran you Thank
Touch Midas – way.” your thrown negatives any over power of lot a you give yourself…will to true “Being
homeland. our to disease the importing be not should We http://t.co/L9DLh09oib Ebola treating died already have Doctors
inept. are leaders Our diseases. deadly and immigrants illegal imports now government Our
fast spreading now and Africa of area small in Started U.S. the to Ebola for "highway" a creating not on me with agreeing are people many So
FLIGHTS! STOP disease. the with infected be may who Africa West from U.S. the into coming people the of all is Ebola with problem bigger The
them. to docs bring should but patients two through country our into Ebola bring not should me-we with agreed News Nightly NBC on doctor A
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers
it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't problems. your not goals your on Focus
@westchestergov mayor? the of puppet total a roads clue—bad no has Zegarelli Philip manager. town better a get should Manor Briarcliff
@westchestergov down. housing taxes high roads Horrible job. terrible a doing is Westchester Manor Briarcliff of Vescio Bill Mayor
http://t.co/58VtvH02dW building Deco Art classic a is Street Wall 40 NYC downtown in buildings office tallest the of One
angry! so I'm pols! U.S. dumb Really opposition. no with and it got have enemies mortal our now and Iraq in oil the taken have should We
so. you told I reserves. oil massive of control have soon will and Iraq of sections large over taken fully now has group terror Isis
loser! total a - it have doesn't just who guy a is but hard really works .@FrankLuntz
pols CRAZY-Stupid absolutely is States United the to fleeing are area the from others while patients Ebola the taking are we that fact The
fast! Act "borders." our inside spread and start will plague the or countries infected EBOLA from flights all stop immediately must U.S. The
incompetent! grossly is "leader" therefore and President our that - formed be can opinion one only tweets of number last my read you If
trouble! Big WORK! DOESN'T IT AND thought previously than more even cost to out turning is it - again news the in is website ObamaCare The
leaders stupid Such World. the in reserves oil largest 2nd the get will enemies worst our and wasted dollars trillion two and lives many So
oil" the Baghdad."Keep of outside just - most the U.S. the hate that people the to fall will Iraq years for predicting been have I as Just
consequences! the suffer must great-but are out help to places away far to go that People back. people infected EBOLA allow cannot U.S. The
bills E &amp; taxes massive turbines-causing wind with land magnificent their destroy to money much so Scotland give you do Why .@David_Cameron
wants? nobody that Scotland in turbines wind ugly subsidize to money of amounts vast spending you are why Minister Prime As .@David_Cameron
Ford Henry -- right. you're thing a do can't you think or thing a do can you think you If
http://t.co/k4jrpL5WJ9 227000” by July in Increased Women Unemployed of “Number women. on war Obama’s
Jobs Steve - faith.” lose Don't brick. a with head the in you hits life “Sometimes
http://t.co/3RGCqJtYVu steakhouse modern today’s for standard the set has restaurant signature @TrumpDoral’s .@BLTPrimeMiami
PROBLEMS! ENOUGH HAS STATES UNITED THE there. over level highest the at them Treat U.S. the entering from patients EBOLA the Stop
HERE! OF OUT THEM KEEP incompetent. are leaders our that sure for know I now - days few a in U.S. the to brought be will patient Ebola
terrorists. the to open is borders open with country A attack. another expect can we secure not is border our If
costs. energy lowering to answer an is Fracking rise. to continue will gas dollar weakened our With
Up Give Never Trump – luck.” creates work and work requires talent your “Developing
http://t.co/vq05peiBNK features. water incredible and bunkers vistas hill with course spectacular a offers Beach Palm Int’l Trump
Florida. Beach Palm in years many for lived have would she have should she like $’s of millions my taken had Coking Vera If
Vera! offer—thanks my down turning by money “mucho” me saved Coking Vera
$530000. for sold just that property for ago years $’s of millions many down turning by City Atlantic in mistake big a made Coking Vera
http://t.co/mHWxX9W5oK Wilson Scott by Fees" Speaking lowest) (and Highest Washington's Demand: "In News: ABC From
http://t.co/YByppBPPJJ guestrooms Star 5 deluxe its of each in views skyline and lake river .@TrumpChicago’s
http://t.co/tD7WOa23um contact Please veterans. for dogs service trains that organization wonderful a Warriors for K-9’s support I
Touch Midas - brand." a be to want you if people all to things all be cannot You brand. a be to guts takes "It
pressure! handle to able be to ability the have must you successful very be to especially successful be to order In
times. high during greater even be will success your times rough the weather can you If downs. and ups be will there business any In
@BillyGraham Rev. – persistent.” being and patience practicing growing and waiting learning and mistakes of up made is life “Each
@CapitoforWV! for vote message a DC send November This coal. on war Obama’s stop will who Senator a have to State Mountain for time It's
later. me thank will You now. buy can you If low. year 19 a at is ownership Home
Gaza. as well as Chicago in ceasefire a on work should Obama
Scotland. in windfarms subsidize to money England’s of much so spending for office of out run be should @David_Cameron PM
windfarms. with itself destroy to Scotland to subsidy massive giving is @David_Cameron Minister Prime that believe can’t I
http://t.co/KsrAdCl8sZ appeal urban sophisticated a provide @TrumpNewYork at guestrooms and suites luxury magnificent 176 the of Each
sponsor! a be to proud am I http://t.co/SNrDkUumXs 18-21” Sept NYC in Debut Inaugural Make To Show Horse Park “Central @PRNewswire: Via
Avenue-http://t.co/7uW24pyrq2 Park Trump in penthouse luxurious this of @M_Griffith1 @TrumpIntRealty's by tour this Watch
it! deserve you Andre Congratulations .@Andre_Reed83.
November! this Bill for vote Senate the to Conservative a send – Louisiana Senator. tremendous a be will @BillCassidy doctor Celebrated
Democrats. migrant the for coup A http://t.co/4ZuKRMBWt6 border the of 40% protecting from Patrol Border stop regulations Environmental
record. Another years. six in fundraisers 393 held has He fundraises. Obama doubt in When
repealed. be must It careers. aspiring ruining is which destroyer job a is ObamaCare high. record a at is unemployment Youth
amnesty. more giving action executive another sign will he Instead loophole. immigrant illegal the fix not will Obama – Watch
http://t.co/DZWCy2KisN economy the &amp; ineptitude Obama’s &amp; #BringBackOurMarine crisis border the on int. @gretawire @FoxNews My
http://t.co/gY4ovFlmHp events social limitless offers also @TrumpGolfDC’s River Potomac the on courses championship two with Along
Sad! Tahmooressi. Sgt. UMC mention not did &amp; week last president Mexican the to spoke Obama
http://t.co/cWPFfbXab7 Mexico. of out Marine our Get
Up Give Never Trump – challenges.” daily your as big as be and focus your Keep day. every them have problems-you’ll for ready “Be
http://t.co/fs4PJLpgx6 coastline Ayrshire beautiful the on located destination unique a is @TrumpTurnberry experience Golf ultimate The
http://t.co/WcTWTdlLK2 spaces entertainment with living gracious offers Stamford Parc Trump luxury. affordable in high Rise
CHANGE CLIMATE now It's fast! some need We WARMING??? GLOBAL is hell the Where York. New in outside cold really is it and July in late It's
Markham Reed opportunity.”- every in difficulty the than rather difficulty every in opportunities the see leaders “Successful
apologize. soon will Obama http://t.co/JCUSwrR8k6 immigration illegal of influx the for us blaming are presidents American Central
Obama?! to lose they could How election. 2012 the blowing for apology an owe Republicans The
loophole. illegal the fix can’t he but ObamaCare for anytime action executive illegal an sign can Obama
disaster. his is Commission Moreland @AGSchneiderman. AG worst nation’s the for tough very is summer This
http://t.co/gWja7Bg58N view beachside a with masterpiece 171-guestroom 13-story a be will Janeiro de Rio Hotel Trump 2016 in Opening
@FloydMayweather! fight fantastic--should was He night. Saturday on MSG at @gggboxing Golovkin Gennady Watched
http://t.co/g2go1LKRHG now time tee your Book course. yd. 7400 72 Par championship a &amp; accommodations luxury provides .@TrumpScotland
solve! to easy so are difficulties our of Many change? all it will When leaders. our by answers no and U.S. the for problems major many So
bad! Too jerk. mumbling awkward an truly is He ratings! the in dying absolutely is Seth that surprised not am I @LateNightSeth
Warhol Andy -- art. best the is business good and art is working and art is money Making
Champion a Like Think – yours.” is decision final the know but others to Listen counselor. own your be to strive and objective “Be
http://t.co/SVrPuMUFi4 Lights of City the overlooks deck pool @TrumpLasVegas’ gold sky-bound of bar soaring a with Along
http://t.co/l2RBqbqusV Avenue Fifth of views panoramic sweeping offers @TrumpTowerNY landmark architectural An
@MuhammadAli - are.” you think you as old as are You is. it think you whatever is “Age
http://t.co/O4bYCBLewo @PGAChampionship 2022 the of host proud the is Bedminster Nat’l Trump County Somerset beautiful of heart the Within
play! &amp; politics of purpose the for day a dollars of millions of cost a at 1 Force Air on around fly Obama let to continue cannot we say I
http://t.co/mbBJtsbcZ1 Watch- ceremony. groundbreaking OPO Hotel- International Trump the at yesterday D.C. in time great a had I
#freeourmarine Boycott! servicemen. our &amp; border our for respect zero has Mexico Days. 115 for Mexico in held been has Sgt.Thamooressi
Lombardi Vince -- up. get you whether it's down knocked get you whether not It's
@ESPNDrLou - work.” hard embrace “Winners
@WNEW via http://t.co/C6UAYCkdhd Best” World’s Among Be Will Hotel D.C. Million $200 Trump: “Donald
invasion. the after immediately oil the taken have should We war. civil latest the with Iraq in stronger get only will Iran
counts. what is that end the In results. by is business successful a build to way best The
now! laws our Enforce scam. real A security. border immediate towards go will request immigration $4B Obama’s of 1% than Less
vacation. funded tax-payer day 15 his before in it fit to Has swing. fundraising Coast West two-day another yet on is Obama
http://t.co/q5nAour0Zs @usgsa dedication. great people Great amazing. was D.C. in Building Office Post Old the at groundbreaking Today's
http://t.co/AiqkAhdfYF experiences world-class exclusive are city the of views exceptional w/equally dining exceptional .@TrumpChicago’s
proud! you make will Office--we Post Old on job Great day. momentous A .@usgsa
stop. just will more and Tourism disadvantage. tremendous a at them puts This there. flights canceling by Israel to it put really Obama Wow
http://t.co/MPI7QYW2r2 week. each state in born people than enter illegals More Article:
priority. the be should Vets shambles? in still is VA our while illegals for care on billions spend to ready Washington is Why
jobs! of Lots hotel. new spectacular be Will site. Office Post Old on groundbreaking big for D.C. to Going
leadership! GREAT needs World the when before ever than more perhaps time a at now are We
Churchill Winston -- life. your in sometime something for up stood you've means That Good. enemies? have You
guy! terrific a are you said often have I As Magazine. Stone Rolling in defense my to coming for @LilJon Thanks
http://t.co/r4jCnLYO9x rooms steam and saunas rooms treatment spa luxurious featuring sanctuary serene a is @TrumpNewYork Spa Trump The
http://t.co/zVTEh9NGya course top Florida's yards. 7326 measuring Championship 72 par winning award an offers Beach Palm Int’l Trump
http://t.co/7Tgnnje2eR lounges and restaurant signature all-new our in options dining winning award multiple offers .@TrumpDoral
Russell Bill - victory.” of margins the are toughness mental and “Concentration
http://t.co/G0kgLi10Sh plans their from dropped be will Yorkers New 53000 over that announced insurer Major again. strikes ObamaCare
Trump J. Donald -- guts!" have don’t people most fortunately win to guts takes “It
is! fun the where That's present. the on exclusively focusing by future the for plan I but past the from learn to try I
win! to "guts" takes It
up! given totally has he that World the throughout and U.S. the in happening is what by overwhelmed so is Obama President that believe I
reloaded. and him at laughed Putin Instead reset. to Putin wanted Obama
sentences. character 140 of writer greatest world’s the I’m said have people Many
today? hold Obama will fundraisers many How Monday. It’s
ridiculous. is times bad these in show the do to ($’s) One Force Air on fly to Obama for but terrific is .@jimmykimmel
attribute. an often is stubborn Being way. long a go can persistence that Realize Negotiation: Re
challenge. daily a is Learning true. it's -- know" don't you realize you more the learn you more "The saying old the Remember
discovery. a day every chance--make a yourself Give
Ruth Babe – run. home next the to closer me brings strike Every
http://t.co/hotvBi2EpI best your Dress menswear. in styles top offers @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature J.Trump Donald The
http://t.co/sWFmZzb78C facilities exceptional and services winning award provides @TrumpNationalNY @GolfDigestMag by course NY rated top A
Turnberry. at you See more! many win and hard Work champion. great a of talent and heart the have you - Rory job Great .@McIlroyRory
bad. Too about! talk to news tragic and terrible of Plenty minutes). (20 7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
Fitzgerald Scott F. - defeat.” final a with defeat single a confuse “Never
Welles Orson - others.” for identifiable yet and yourself for unique be it let style... visual own your “Create
http://t.co/QlY2hZVAab skyline Philly of views amazing provides course winning award Philadelphia’s Nat’l Trump Hill Pine beautiful In
Champion a Like Think - success. comprehensive to path best the It’s intact. integrity your keep and already lot a having as yourself See
http://t.co/OppgMqK0l0 function and beauty of merger perfect the are @TrumpWaikiki of accommodations Honolulu The
Lincoln Abraham -- other. any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear Always
Up Give Never Trump – well be will all &amp; rights your for fight to ready be problems the than bigger Be life. of fact a is Adversity
http://t.co/3O2dtSrf9N treatments and services spa signature 100 over and rooms treatment 33 boasts @TrumpDoral Spa ft. sq. 48000 The
run. to business a have not must you then any got haven’t you if &amp; winners to hardships truly never are Problems
http://t.co/b1iaD4ZLcb design timeless and tradition Edwardian of blend perfect a offer rooms guest winning award 149 .@TrumpTurnberry's
Lombardi Vince -- everything. is win to will the but everything isn't Winning
$700B+. extra costs program &amp; half by target uninsured its missed ObamaCare that announced just has CBO Democrats. &amp; Obama to Congrats
@TigerWoods - better.” become always can “You
migration. illegal stop to use can it which millions save will Gov't vacationing. stop should he border the about concerned is Obama If
website. ObamaCare the on $5B wasted have not should he then Well border. the secure to $4B extra an needs he that claims Obama
Einstein Opportunity.”–Albert lies difficulty of middle the In Harmony. find discord From Simplicity. find clutter of “Out
http://t.co/2mPwSPrDtz shadow. its in or @TrumpChicago in staying either You’re high. stories 92 soars @TrumpChicago acclaimed The
Rich Get to How Trump: - momentum." your maintain to work to have You by. glide can you assume don't managing you're what matter "No
http://t.co/fYkaNCqPLh Toronto downtown beautiful in located is @TrumpToronto Guide 5-Star @ForbesInspector 2014 prestigious the Awarded
Forbes Malcolm -- insight. is vision best The
@CahillForAG General. Attorney State York New for running he’s that see to nice circles—really all in respected highly is Cahill John
@CahillForAG @AGSchneiderman dope lightweight incumbent against AG State NY for running is Cahill John respected highly York New for Lucky
not! some accurate was press Some years. many in there been even not have I - closing City Atlantic the with do to nothing have I Again
work! doesn't just G.W. - change climate to warming global from name the changed they Lucky U.S. of part large hits wave cold Tremendous
Franklin Benjamin -- luck. good of mother the is Diligence
Einstein Albert -- longer. problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not It's
http://t.co/QK4hmyw2yf Bridge Whitestone Bronx's the by sits course 18-hole Point's Ferry at Links Golf Trump @jacknicklaus by Designed
http://t.co/EiqAiz9NmG bunkers sand placed strategically 64 greens caliber tour fairways pristine open wide features .@TrumpNationalHV
#FreeOurMarine Boycott! U.S. or border our respect not does Mexico hearing. court after jail to back Tahmooressi Andrew USMC sent Mexico
@AndrewE_Johnson by @nro via http://t.co/rYy1nnSRDp Vets” than Better Treated Getting Are Immigrants Illegal “Trump:
http://t.co/f4uOkka43U dunes the through threaded link Scottish classic a features @TrumpScotland coastline Aberdeenshire stunning On
@websta via http://t.co/r3Gb5tTnnX Websta | photos Instagram @therealrickiefowler Fowler Rickie
thing! his not just is Negotiation face. save to deal a for begging is he - talks nuclear on Kerry John with toying is it like looks Iran
ago years left involved not am I that report to failed knowingly but City Atlantic in hotels closing the about reported @Washingtonpost The
deal! bad another Just Bergdahl. traitor of freedom the for U.S. the of enemies bad really five trading imagine you Can
down! mistake this play to trying Obama grieve. him for looking killed soldiers brave of parents as duty active to returns Bergdahl Deserter
leader U.S. weak our of because weapons nuclear by caused warming global the is with concerned be should people that warming global only The
break! a me give - VORTEX POLAR is invented recently have they that term hot new The
smart! get people on Come anymore. work didn't WARMING GLOBAL words the when CHANGE CLIMATE to term the changed only They
fortune save - pieces small in apart it taken have Should ridiculous. is $'s of millions of hundreds many for Concordia Costa the Refloating
already. Enough down! way are ratings their wonder No weather. the about talking spends news network that time of amount the joke a is It
WARMING? GLOBAL to happened hell the What normal. than colder degrees 30 to 20 - July in temperatures cold Record
ago! time long a out got - City Atlantic with do to NOTHING have I losers and haters the of all for Again
STUPID! leadership). U.S. of request (at see to world the for facilities nuclear our showing now right is Minutes 60 that believe can't I
GET! YOU LUCKIER THE WORK YOU HARDER THE
A.C.! love to Used years. many for City Atlantic with involved been not have I City. Atlantic in Casino Plaza the with do to nothing have I
http://t.co/hYA9V8KaX8 LAST” NOT WILL BORDERS ITS PROTECT CANNOT THAT COUNTRY “‘A editorial: @biggovt @BreitbartNews’ My
Edison A. Thomas -- sense. common and stick-to-itiveness work Hard are: while worth anything achieve to essentials great three The
Churchill Winston -- counts. that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is Success
http://t.co/5ob1iFajzP Course" Golf Southland At Flying Flag American Large Keep To Fights Trump "Donald @CBSLA: Via
http://t.co/KnZBqhH9Fi restaurants elite &amp; course public top @GolfWorldUS' features @TrumpGolfLA Peninsula Verdes Palos luxurious the On
mark) (15:00 http://t.co/J7avRbuatc flag American the for fight my &amp; Tahmooressi USMC crisis border the on interview @IngrahamAngle My
Thanks. Chicago!" in Hotel Best back. go to wait Can't @PMA1048 @realDonaldTrump ""@zraph
leader. our for respect no absolutely have and with away getting are they what believe cannot ...Mexico
disbelief... laughter—it’s longer no it’s now but years many for us at laughing been has leadership Mexican
lot! a it helping—use is facility practice our see I Open. Scottish the in today playing Great .@JustinRose99
River Potomac the on front holes All U.S. the in course golf championship greatest the opening be will I D.C. Washington near 1st. June On
much! very her like I that than other - dumb and obnoxious rude crude is Rosie
disaster. term long and fix term short standard the is It be. must they desperate how you tells which View the on back is Rosie
problem no record criminal a with etc. Mexico From U.S. the into get can't they Asia or Europe from comes and Harvard at #1 is person a If
Einstein Albert -- else. anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have You
Marshall C. George General – it.” decide problem the fight “Don't
Champion a Like Think – you.” to or you around happening is what matter no forward moving and going keep to have “You
Up Give Never Trump – you.” at throw can they setbacks the all through you carry work your for passion your “Let
http://t.co/AcJoKRLEZy layouts suite and rooms hotel Hawaii decorated tropically distinct dozen a features @TrumpWaikiki best Honolulu’s
by. pass buses as us at laughing are Mexicans The door. open stupid very our to &amp; country their thru go to thousands many allowing is Mexico
others. and Mexico i.e. enemies our to $'s sending stop U.S. the will When
#FreeOurMarine jail. Mexican a in locked is Marine our illegals welcoming is Obama While country. our for sacrificed Tahmooressi Sgt. USMC
http://t.co/HMF9hrj1I7 @Gretawire RECORD THE ON from conversation My
U.S. into inflow immigrant allowing stop &amp; Marine release they until friend no Mexico to $’s sending stop immediately should gov’t Our
http://t.co/92lmC5gk6M wind the in deployed fully sail majestic a evokes design sleek @TrumpPanama’s building tallest America's Central
inappropriate. &amp; disgusting is 14 hole over hovering windmill the admit must u but Aberdeen Royal at well played you hope I .@AlexSalmond
there! happening is what look and - Chicago in be to happen U.S. the in laws gun stringent most The
"it" have doesn't he not or it Like job. the for prepared or made never was He beaten. and exhausted looks Obama
@AllStarGame! @MLB 2014 to named being on Jeter Derek @Yankees to Congratulations
fundraising! busy too is He border. the visiting be not will but Texas in is Obama
http://t.co/YDhg340pXq options dining top acclaimed of array wide a offers @TrumpDoral Grill Palm &amp; @BLTPrime Featuring
http://t.co/y04JVKFsAN amenities top &amp; clubhouse superb a has @Trump_Charlotte Mooresville of countryside beautiful the in Located
http://t.co/LXpZXXBdhk daily world the around the from tourists hosts which landmark a is @TrumpTowerNY York New midtown of heart the In
Young Neil – peaks.” the as well as valleys the see to got you've life through go you “As
#FreeOurMarine Mexico? Boycott Tahmooressi. Sgt. USMC border southern our crossing be should who person one only is There
place? first the in money them giving we are Why border. our respect not does that country every to aid all off cut should We
immediately. country the of out them get would Obama then members Party Tea were illegals the only If
http://t.co/vtEcA3vNZ4 gold sky-bound of bar soaring a over pleasure &amp; business mixes deck pool @TrumpLasVegas’ city the above High
Champion a Like Think – like.” you people with work to way best the That’s people. right the for magnet a be you’ll and example the “Set
http://t.co/HkCL1rs6Ke stories 63 &amp; ft. 616 at skyline the transform will design twisting original @TrumpVancouver’s 2016 in Opening
honor! great A -- Course Modern Best GB&amp;I -- #1 Scotland Links Golf International Trump naming for @GolfweekMag to you Thank
gifts! great make Would fantastic! -- @Macys shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald of selection new at looked Just
Jobs Steve -- expected." is excellence where environment an to used aren't people Some quality. of yardstick a "Be
Up Give Never Trump – instincts.” own your negate never but others to “Listen
job! for qualified never was He president. our by made not are decisions proper if status WORLD THIRD to relegated be soon will country Our
FAST! leadership new need We clue. a have doesn't who president incompetent an by worse made mess horrible a is crisis immigration The
Reagan Ronald President – works.” that experiment the is “America
surprised? you Are http://t.co/VE85kBl3VT immigrants illegal be also will enrollees ObamaCare 1.295M Over spent. well dollars tax Your
it.” keep can you plan healthcare your like you “if promise Obama’s = stay” “can’t illegals that statement Obama’s
http://t.co/cOu4hHarD4 president any for most the expenses travel on money our of $44M over spent has Obama Change! Historic
http://t.co/mzEIagrIbs Trump Donald from note handwritten receives graduate School Shelton Noel: Heather by @neighborsgo @dallasnews’ Via
http://t.co/rNuggSkYaB services luxury with lounges relaxation outdoor &amp; indoor features @TrumpSoHo bi-level the hamman sole NYC’s
Templeton John Sir -- optimism. maximum of point the at sell pessimism; maximum of point the at Buy
it! do can You victory. complete and total accept only and up give don't Focus dream. your for go you day the be this Let
place. fantastic - soon there everyone See it! deserves club great a Such amazing. was show fireworks the heard I @Trump_Charlotte
losers! and haters the including everyone to July of 4th Happy
U.S.! by possible made only - oil their wants Everybody what? or bad look Iraq in involved us got who politicians stupid very these Do
Iraq in oil the get won't who one only the be will U.S. the people young great many so losing and $'s trillion two spending foolishly After
Lincoln Abraham -- other. any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear Always
Emerson Waldo Ralph accomplishment.-- greatest the is else something you make to trying constantly is that world a in yourself be To
Champion a Like Think - efficiency." and passion are considerations important two successful be to want you "If
you. Thank course" mention to not grounds! and buildings the to improvements the love great Looking @Trump_Charlotte .@SharkGregNorman
http://t.co/gUyXtGjvHd club desirable most Carolina’s North is @Trump_Charlotte @SharkGregNorman by designed course elite an With
http://t.co/0YLXb0gtiT @seniorpgachamp 2017 the hosting of honor the awarded been has @TrumpGolfDC courses championship two Offering
http://t.co/Ba1TzPXJ89 Lord Jeffrey by Card" "Trump @AmSpec Spectator American via
@MMcEwanBunkered by @BunkeredOnline via http://t.co/utITLy38bm @TrumpTurnberry” for vision unveils Trump “Donald
@KingdomMag Palmer Arnold -- win. to chance a have didn't I that felt never I trying. quit never I
choice. healthy a is it acknowledging and ego an Having surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers
http://t.co/seZiDfH2LU wait” the worth Open @TrumpTurnberry make will transformation Trump’s @mrewanmurray:“Donald by .@guardian_sport
http://t.co/Inznh7M187 '” @TrumpTurnberry boost 'will name Trump's “Donald @BBCScotland: Via
amazing! is place The time. Scotland noon at tomorrow conference news Turnberry Trump
Ali Muhammad vision. a dream a desire a - them inside deep have they something from made are Champions gyms. the in made aren't Champions
http://t.co/h94nmJ1qyx service impeccable &amp; luxury style brings @TrumpTO 65-story the rating @ForbesInspector 5-Star renowned the Awarded
http://t.co/IbLO0BnptA West Midtown to access top and luxury true both provides @TrumpNewYork -- memorable getaway NYC your Make
http://t.co/vrJsHW63Za 2016 Opening enjoy &amp; in pride take can nation entire our which building historic a is D.C. Washington Int’l Trump
goals. your on fixed Remain tenacious. be and focused Stay Entrepreneurs:
either. will else one no don't you If yourself. in Believe Entrepreneurs:
problem. the not solution the at Look victorious: as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
Jobs Steve perseverance." pure is ones non-successful the from entrepreneurs successful separates what of half about that convinced "I'm
you! Thank @TrumpScotland. even including properties other my to sign @TrumpChicago’s for support of letters sending are People Amazing.
can. possibly you best the do -- high bar the Set before? know didn't you that today learn you can What
everything? know already you if anything discover possibly you can How know. don't you much how realize you more the know you more The
big. thinking start and discovery of sense a Cultivate endeavor. creative a is Business
attending. people great of Wednesday--lots this Scotland @TrumpTurnberry conference press my to forward look I
Champion a Like Think - time." same the at efficient be and do you what for passion "Have
http://t.co/X4AqbiovV5 buildings iconic most NYC’s of one as Avenue Fifth over shines @TrumpTowerNY ingenuity American to testament A
couldn't. McCain couldn't Hilary was! that whatever or certificate birth his release to Obama got who one the was I remember Always
DOONBEG anywhere! hotels spectacular most the of one is It property. Ocean Atlantic beautiful very and great my inspecting Ireland in am I
you. around right opportunities great some be may There see? to not pretending I am What yourself: Ask
http://t.co/Ez0fefQZ0D 3. #Transformers in @TrumpChicago is Here buildings. my in filmed have movies big Many #FlashbackFriday
dope! real A benefit. relations public own his for York New of out business driving is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
late. too before fast together act get Must guy. nice really a sober when and @thecampaignbook LaBeouf Shia know I
Scotland. and Ireland to off then and tomorrow speech big a make I Barcelona. in arrived just I
detrimental. or negative unnecessary is that anything out weeding while focused you keep will thinking--this positive Practice
attribute. an often is stubborn Being way. long a go can persistence that Realize
less. Nothing focus. 100% and effort 100% requires Success
Welch Jack -- will. else someone or destiny own your Control
insecure. business small making and growth stopping jobs killing ObamaCare -- memory in Worst -2.9%. was GDP Q1 Our
http://t.co/FhYbJY3cGQ Hammond- Darrell and Manning Peyton Manning Eli with commercial Oreo an Filming #TBT
life! elsewhere--crazy and Scotland Spain Ireland for now leaving I'm
agenda. Obama’s stop we Senate the take we If November. for united fully be must @GOP over are primaries spirited these After
http://t.co/tBoaJvpcP6 Primary” GOP NY Wins @leezeldin Candidate “Trump-Backed @melaniebatley: by @Newsmax_Media Via
http://t.co/27tK90cuKo charities heart to donated sales All hope. of message a brings Heart’ ‘Special book released newly .@BretBaier’s
http://t.co/vRkl8bMJ7g prices. best the at shirts &amp; ties best the features Collection Signature Trump J. Donald The @Macys Exclusively
credit.” you giving of instead you knock they happening—and now that’s event major single every predicted “you that wrote just Someone
so. you told I so – so!” you told “I that say to me wanted people many Iraq over taking of process the began Iran As
element… his of out so is Kerry John Secy words other …In
watch... to Sad clock. his cleaning are who characters those w/ negotiating lost totally so looks he but job tough a has Kerry John Secy
best! time all his was Ugly the and Bad the Good The in performance his opinion-- My guy. great a and actor great a was Wallach Eli
exciting! Very make. I'll investment big &amp; changes discuss to @TrumpTurnberry week next of Weds on conference press my to forward look I
http://t.co/D9rH0BwM7f @GolfMagazine by celebrated been have Peninsula Verdes Palos on greens @TrumpGolfLA’s course public top America's
@CoachJoeGibbs -- winners.” by ignored losers by expected are “Failures
today? wearing @AGSchneiderman AG worst nation’s the is eyeliner of brand Which Thursday. It’s
Amnesty! No laws? other by abide you would why amnesty granted then are and illegally country our entered you If
Iran. for front a is Syria that. do don't please says place the of out hell the blew we after Kerry Secy. and Iraq bombing is Syria Now
RESPECT! NO one. easy an be should this U.S. the from get they money the all With Marine. our release they until Mexico Boycott
http://t.co/wRVyIzdLsz perfection &amp; detail quality superior signature Organization's Trump the features Este Del Punta Tower Trump
#NY1 helped! robocalls my hope I victory. great a on @leezeldin to Congrats
Twain Mark -- started. getting is ahead getting of secret The
http://t.co/DdIgs42aqM Spa a and dining top course golf beautiful a offers @Trump_Ireland coast west rugged Ireland’s of center the In
Jobs Steve – settle.” Don’t looking. keep yet it found haven’t you If do. you what love to is work great do to way only “The
surprise. No http://t.co/h8WhM3htvF country our into released has he immigrants illegal many how disclose won’t Obama cover-up. Another
justice? face fighters 50+ the all will When attack. wave multi-prong sophisticated a was consulate Benghazi the on attack 9.11.12 The
priorities. his has Obama VA. the at Vets our than care speedier getting is terrorist Benghazi The
Washington. in difference a make who'll Conservative Constitutional a is Chris country. our for victory a is win @senatormcdaniel A
belongs! it where Buffalo in team the keep will who @buffalobills the of owner potential only the am I
Washington. in change to things wants he &amp; smart is he strong is He @senatormcdaniel. for ballot their cast Mississippi in voters hope I
@TNGCJ Jupiter Trump at you love We real. for is talent amazing that of all that world the showed –you @themichellewie going Great
@rwildewrites by @BreitbartNews via before’”http://t.co/4xeMNWrSb8 seen never have you like fence border a build would ‘I “Trump: – Flashbk
@KingdomMag Palmer Arnold -- you. against are odds the when even effort total a make Always
REPEAL! ObamaCare? of because today rise premiums will much How Monday. It’s
http://t.co/0gE8Jhipd7 Profit" for "Wilding -- Thugs Park Central to settlement taxpayer NYC $40M on editorial @nypost read Must
Dishonest. don’t. I know they when “wig” a wear I said dying it’s because prices its raised just which @NYDailyNews failing The
newspaper! Loser idea. my was it pretend they then &amp; ripoff 5 Park Central the on Editorial an do to me asked @NYDailyNews dying The
footprint? carbon the study and WARMING GLOBAL at look to them for hard pushes he Afghanistan and Iraq to goes Kerry Secy. when if wonder I
him around up blown being is everything as this and problems" rights "human about talk to Egypt to went just KERRY Secy. that believe you Do
champion! true a are you - Graeme playing Great .@Graeme_McDowell
enjoy! about talk to Much minutes. 10 - A.M. 7 at Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
"clients" their against case strong a such was there when N.Y.C. of stupidity the at laughing are 5 Park Central the for lawyers the bet I'd
both)? (or City the by paid they are or dollars million 40 the of out getting Five Park Central the for lawyers the are money much How
Politics! trial. been have should - facts many So hell. as guilty are think many that men five to DOLLARS MILLION FORTY paying is City N.Y.
next! Kamin irrelevance. into faded since has and critic architecture N.Y.Times as left) (or fired got Goldberger Paul day the loved I
"leader" so-called our for respect ZERO have They them. on hard really down come should U.S. Marine. our releasing Mexico isn't Why
#zeldinforcongress http://t.co/zMtwD13KnW @leezeldin for robo-call Fund Victory Political United Citizens my – Listen
http://t.co/r6Oseg7S1m parenting." and politics talks Donald The - CARD TRUMP "A Lord: Jeffrey by interview @AmSpec The
http://t.co/m399hDNrhR sign!" my and ... Chicago love "I editorial: @chicagotribune My READ! MUST
http://t.co/BpEeB6BxGM @autismspeaks re Research" Autism Into Steps "Google Journal: Street Wall the From
Billionaire a Like Think – others.” of and yourself of – observer an being at work and behavior your monitor meeting a at you’re “When
Jones Bobby - ears.” your between space the course... five-and-a-half-inch a on mainly played is golf “Competitive
http://t.co/X49jKxEYXj Live Night Saturday #TBT
Stewart? Jon like to starting I’m that be it Could @TheDailyShow. sign re piece the enjoyed actually I
slum. world third a is Bay Mullet Maarten. St. in on going what’s clue no has .@PrimeMinisterSX
Nicklaus Jack -- situation. the what matter no up give to never quit to never Resolve
Big Think – solutions.” big create can you if profits for opportunities huge are There trend. big a to career your “Hook
http://t.co/NUfG0sOK9o restaurant Diamond 5 &amp; Star 5 w/a hotel Diamond 5 @AAAnews &amp; Star 5 @ForbesInspector only NYC's is .@TrumpNewYork
@PrimeMinisterSX her—loser! against runs who anyone for vote should You rewarded. be not should incompetence Westcot-Williams Sarah PM
this. allowing for ashamed be should @PrimeMinisterSX Maarten. St. of island beautiful the on slum a like looks Course Golf Bay Mullet
@PrimeMinisterSX Westcot-Williams. Sarah PM of incompetence the to due dollars tourism vital loses Maarten St. day Every
#SaveOurMarine boycott? a for Time NOW! Tahmooressi USMC Release http://t.co/IyVoUKmQrb hourly border our respect doesn’t Mexico
leaders. our by destroyed been has sector factory country’s our of heart Belt Rust The GDP. US of 9% than less now is Manufacturing
yrs. f/2 press the in US the taunting been has killer the after Especially terrorists? Benghazi the of 1 only catch to long so took What
#zeldinforcongress primary. NY-1 the in Lee for vote Tuesday Next DC. to solutions Conservative bring will @leezeldin Reserve Army US
http://t.co/MnL2Rg0W0e Iraq to back" go not should "We Trump: interview: Friends and Fox From
him? to apologize Obama will so If defense? a as videotape the use terrorist Benghazi the Will
Washington. in leaders our by promise broken Another fail. to destined country a is borders its protect cannot that country A
http://t.co/C43Bp0kbNx Miami of center the in acres beautiful 800 on sits @TrumpDoral @CadillacChamp @PGATOUR's of home exclusive The
support. great the by honored am I @TrumpChicago. on sign new the of approval high shows poll Every
Patton S. George --General won't" I because enemies my upon mercy have God "May
BEHIND. FROM LEADING EVEN ISN'T AMERICA OBAMA TO THANKS WORLD. THE OF LEADER THE BE TO USED AMERICA
http://t.co/jQJ495iFh6 views w/great guestrooms spa 53 &amp; rooms treatment services12 star 5 of array an has Spa .@TrumpChicago’s
http://t.co/C43Bp0kbNx Miami of center the in acres beautiful 800 on sits @TrumpDoral @CadillacChamp @PGATOUR's of home exclusive The
leader. great truly a be will He guy! fantastic a – @SteveCrisafulli House Florida the of Speaker incoming the with met Just
http://t.co/sgxLK2Ca4V grandeur original its beyond far Office Post DC the bring will DC Washington Int’l Trump shortly ground Breaking
course! ugly out burned a at look to want don’t People year. last from down way are Open US for ratings right—TV was I
http://t.co/DyK7lPfUFA absolutely… It's Scotland. in Resort Turnberry Legendary of Purchase Finalizes Organization Trump The
Hagen Walter – second.” in came who remembers one “No
him. on is attack An country. our enter to terrorists to pathway a giving is Obama secure being not border our With
http://t.co/90QKc9S0p0 AMNESTY" SUPPORT THEY IF VULNERABLE CONGRESS IN 'EVERYBODY' SHOWS DEFEAT CANTOR'S TRUMP: .@BreitbartNews:"DONALD
http://t.co/s7QPdwCMRN views spectacular have each suites and rooms guest luxury 462 @TrumpWaikiki’s getaway Hawaiian perfect The
Howard! to talking interesting and fun Always minutes). (10 a.m. 7 at Show Stern Howard The doing be will I
already!!!!! Enough Fame. of Hall Baseball the into leader hits time all the Rose Pete let to time It's
it! of care good take will I World. the in course golf greatest the have to many by considered - today Resort Turnberry great the bought I
http://t.co/pgSW9kWVck gem. real Philadelphia—a National Trump rated highly of photo see courses—but golf on look “rustic” the about know I
lucky. get cannot you game the in not are you If out. it seek who those to comes luck The luck. and focus work hard with comes Success
them? executing to prior rights legal their them read they think you do soldiers the caught ISIS When
Lombardi Vince - you." for one right the it's that is matters traveled...What less path the be to have doesn't It path: own your "Choose
place! first the in there been have should never We problem. our longer no is Iraq
http://t.co/L3jznotZbj Luxury… a Turnberry Trump be to soon world.... the in places beautiful most the of one Turnberry-
solutions. private to open be must We possible. care best the deserve vets Our time. the over worse get only will scandal VA The
Well-deserved. championship. @NBA their on @spurs to Congratulations
unfair)! totally are greens turtleback the town—(and of out run be would they Pinehurst designed Crenshaw and Coore but else anybody If
badly. golf hurts TV on look that golf—and of lover a I’m because is look Pinehurst the of critical am I reason only The
http://t.co/hHvj9FfZ1z Champagne &amp; Bordeaux of regions the by inspired is @trumpwinery @WineEnthusiast by wine rated highest Virginia's
http://t.co/kC0tMl7vs8 Scotland. in Resort Turnberry Legendary of Purchase Finalizes Organization Trump The
minutes. 2 - 7 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be Will
Scotland! in Resort Turnberry great the concerning morning tomorrow announcement Big
end! to beginning from playing Great #USGA" #USOpen. 2014 the winning for Kaymer Martin to Congratulations
lot? a for play Lets me! than fewer 18 or zero hear I won? you have championships club many how Matt @MattGinellaGC
substance! no talk all are You successful. golf make to takes it what or golf quality about nothing know you Matt @MattGinellaGC
Pinehurst to superior far are that couses numerous have do).I you think you though (even golf understand don't you Matt @MattGinellaGCSadly
league same the in not Pinehurst World. the of courses golf great the of one Turnberry at Championships Open watched have I @MattGinellaGC
trying! keep but clue no have You pasture. cow out dried a game the for bad - correct is Pinehurst on position My @MattGinellaGC
"redone" be should they Said Pinehurst. at greens of critical very correctly Miller Johnny
about! is golf what not is This ratings. television poor into translates Pinehurst of look horrible the bet I'd
tuned. Stay morning. tomorrow away!) Pinehurst blows way the by (which Turnberry on Scotland from news Big @GolfDigestMag
pressure! the handle can He Cup. Ryder the win to footer ten big the sank who K Martin was it Remember .@HollySandersGC.
Day. Fathers happy very a losers and haters the even fathers all wish to like would I
PR sign &amp; Chicago Trump about reviews nice your for thanks but business the in critic architectural worst the be may you Blair .@BlairKamin
Pinehurst! than better far Both Scotland. in links Golf International Trump or National/Bedminster Trump seen ever you Have .@MattGinellaGC
me to tweeted but me by made not was course"awful" golf community local a like looking Pinehurst about statement the Matt .@MattGinellaGC
away! it blow Aberdeen Trump &amp; Turnberry Bedminster. is so Pinehurst than better is Monster" "Blue NEW the Matt true It's .@MattGinellaGC
money! and lives of waste terrible a What left. U.S. the as soon as fall would Iraq that said always and consistent very been have I
thanks say will "O" and oil &amp; country the over take Iraq with us help to trying are they that President incompetent our convince will Iran
Doral. at Monster Blue the Likewise close! even isn't it and - Pinehurst to course golf superior far a is Scotland in Turnberry
U.S. Stupid oil. their of all and Iraq over take will they Actually out. helping is it that guise the under Iraq into troops moving is Iran
fallback. positive a have can and calculated is risk each sure Make risks. take must you business in successful be to want you If
#BringBackOurMarine harder. much is Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt USMC release to Mexico getting Bergdhal deserter for paid Obama ransom the W/
security?#BringBackOurMarine border about care Mexico does when Since immediately. released be should Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt USMC Jailed
@MrJerryOC! host guest &amp; @SherriEShepherd @JennyMcCarthy @WhoopiGoldberg with @theviewtv on yesterday time great a Had
http://t.co/96SdHC5sfS Chicago of views best the have rooms rated @Forbes 5-Star @TrumpChicago’s Avenue Michigan North above stories 92
@TrumpChicago http://t.co/jegUyhd6sJ it! love People sign. Chicago on results poll honest and wonderful the for @Todayshow you Thank
http://t.co/W50HjQxw3l restaurant &amp; hotel both for rating @Forbes Five-Star a showcasing destination sole Chicago's is .@TrumpChicago
place). first the in there been have never should (we Iraq of out hell the stay Obama President useless. is Army Iraqi The
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE faster. lot a out gotten have should in once but Iraq into gone have never should We
sign. Times Sun ugly the mention to fails critic @chicagotribune Dopey
popular. and magnificent is Mine seen. ever has Chicago sign ugliest biggest the had Times Sun the site the bought I Before
Hammond. Darrell is answer the impersonator favorite my about questions your to answer In
calls… and letters tweets league Big building. Chicago the on sign Trump the LOVING are People
sign Trump the like doesn’t but building the likes @chicagotribune failing the fired—for got thought I critic--who architecture rate third A
$'s of trillions and lives of waste Massive fast! out get or OIL the take fall would Iraq that ago long losers and haters the of all told I
IT! OF ALL mean I and OIL the get we unless it do Don't back! come to us wants now Iraq and falling now is Iraq out get to us told Iraq
out! us get to long too far took Obama and in us got Bush - deaths many so and dollars trillion two - fast apart falling is Iraq
http://t.co/joX5Q08gdJ impersonator? Trump Donald favorite my is who me asked just Someone
@Nia_Sanchez_! crowned newly our to Congrats networks. 4 Big the on telecast non-sports rated highest the was pageant USA Miss The BTW
http://t.co/DThYaylNpZ pageant—beautiful! USA Miss Sunday’s in featured swimsuits the behind designer the is York New Miss former A
Aristotle -- habit. a but act an not is therefore Excellence do. repeatedly we what are We
http://t.co/MmbfJTEUuP platoon Bergdahl’s attacking now is House White the deserter a for Taliban senior 5 trading After Shameful.
http://t.co/JaZZX8qZYI Pounce” Won't GOP But Fault Obama's Crisis Alien “Child editorial: @IBDinvestors read Must
Unity! Unity Unity him! behind stand MUST party the Now away. going won @DaveBratVA7th &amp; VA-7 in night last spoke voter primary @GOP The
http://t.co/BkfUkVENlH Ireland Clare County in Ocean Atlantic the on miles 2.5 fronting acres 500 over graces @Trump_Ireland 5-star The
printing! third its in Already Heart.’ ‘Special book his of success tremendous &amp; immediate the on @BretBaier to Congratulations
http://t.co/7sLx4jM2X1 State Heel Tar The to luxury true brings @Trump_Charlotte amenities signature our &amp; Clubhouse art the of W/state
lives! many so and trillion $2 after this and - Hussein Saddam under was ever it than now U.S. the to danger more of and worse far is Iraq
LEADERS! REAL NEED WE happened. just had nothing like acted - ridiculous was speech concession Cantor's Eric
TODAY! WIN BIG USA. the for hard fighting and well and alive is Party Tea the said have I As
WIN! BIG REALLY - Cantor Eric down takes Party Tea
again. GREAT America Make worse! is Obama terrible was Bush place. first the in Iraq in been have should never we that is saying am I What
OIL. beginning! the Only run. and guns their drop soldiers their as city largest second lost just Iraq ago: time long a so you told I
http://t.co/QcegUTAHXb #HospitalityConference @NYU the from interview @FBNATB @FoxBusiness @IvankaTrump’s watch to sure Be
http://t.co/QEzKBzi8jO destination top Miami’s South is @TrumpDoral Monster Blue the including courses golf championship five Featuring
doing? we are What fire. friendly so-called by Afghanistan in killed soldiers U.S. Five
MacArthur"" Douglas General – yourself.” for make you luck the is all of luck best “The
Toronto! Trump at job great a doing are you M Thanks .@mdamelincourt
skills. your honed you've after even instincts your Trust that. on focus and want you what exactly Know tip: Negotiation
innovation. for word another change--it's to open Be one. like it Treat art. an is Negotiation
way. long a go can Persistence horizons. your as well as mind your expand will this -- opportunity an as conflict any View tip: Negotiation
MacArthur Douglas General – yourself.” for make you luck the is all of luck best “The
@brittneyplz by @BNDarticles via http://t.co/xOSoEqoCh4 Trump" Donald from Advice "Career
Moment! Crowning The http://t.co/bFB20eAUYW @MissUSA 63rd the as crowned is @realmissnvusa where video @nbc the Watch
http://t.co/GzqyPCxQfI @MissUSA" 63RD AS CROWNED SANCHEZ NIA "@realmissnvusa @splaisance: by @AP Via
SHOW! THE ENJOY tough. very is Competition accomplished. and amazing are participating women young The Pageant. USA Miss the to over Heading
weakness! of because us upon brought variety NUCLEAR the of is on focused be should president "great" our that change" "climate made man The
PM. 8 at NBC BEAUTIFUL. REALLY are (women) girls the incorrect politically be To tonight. amazing be will pageant U.S.A. Miss The
close! even not is it fact in - Obama President than more people American the to lied has history in president No
U.S.! HAUNT TO BACK COME WILL NOTHING a back got we and (killers) leaders back got Taliban the whereby trade 1 for 5 terrible the REMEMBER
chance others.No &amp; China with deals trade making now are traitor one for leaders Taliban five up gave that negotiators "brilliant" same The
out enemies our keep to STRONG and Medicaid Medicareand Security Social pay to afford can we that so again RICH U.S.A. the make to have We
China! to it of much dollars trillion 20 owe will U.S. the and earth on power economic one number the be will China year this of end the By
NBC night out.Tomorrow sold totally Pageant USA Miss well. really doing place fantastic PEOPLE GREAT - Louisiana Rouge Baton toured Just
SHOW! INCREDIBLE P.M. 8 at starting hours 3 for night Sunday on NBC on live shown be will Pageant USA Miss the where Rouge Baton in am I
embarrassed! visibly was wife His winner. the congrat and smile Just himself. of out (fool) jerk a made just Gold California of owner The
correct! so - Andrew you Thank .@AndrewKreig
story amazing and interesting Pennsylvaniaan Miss Watch night. Sunday on NBC on be will which Pageant USA Miss the for Louisiana in be Will
@realDonaldTrump" - it. make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst The #1: tip Negotiation
#WWII #DDay70 http://t.co/M4pUpmtugj heroes greatest the to you Thank
http://t.co/PNGpHifMNI series. the of part a be @TrumpTowerNY have to great was It #Ghostbusters! Birthday 30th Happy
http://t.co/0x19lT41e2 info: more for Click NBC. on 8/7c at 8 June on #MissUSA of telecast LIVE the during #SavetheQueen can you Only
manhood! show to stupid totally and bad really something do now will he predict I president. EVER WORST the question without is Obama
Champion a Like Think – today.” starting use to it Put formula. proven a It’s show. and know “Learn
vodka. of bottle a &amp; borscht get We supply. gold our &amp; California Florida get They Russia. with trade a made just has Obama NEWS: BREAKING
http://t.co/QZhqShVxgv Day… Father’s great A world! the in teacher Best myself. and father fantastic my of picture A #TBT
http://t.co/hGBAGzZdz4 collection signature my from items with along @TrumpNewYork hotel star 5 my at stay gift—a Day Father’s great A
stupid! So given. also was CASH of deal great a Bergdahl for up gave Obama President leaders terrorist 5 the to addition in that believe I
http://t.co/xuFsGUQY1d @TrumpGolfLA of view Amazing
http://t.co/vRkl8bMJ7g best! your Dress prestige. &amp; style of pinnacle the is @Macys available exclusively line summer Collection’s Trump
winner! a is Bret already. success great a be to proving it’s and #specialheart book new wonderful a has .@bretbaier
November this Braley Bruce defeat &amp; unite should all Now night. last win primary @IowaGOP impressive her on @joniernst to Congratulations
Pathetic Tahmooressi. Andrew Sgt. Marine decorated release Mexico make can’t but deserter a for Taliban senior 5 release can Obama
policy. US standing long breaking Hamas recognize will He East. Middle the in ally strongest our again yet Israel betrays Obama
home! jobs the Bring us. ripping is China better. do must We http://t.co/e5RuDJxexp high record yr 2 April in $64B+ hit deficit trade US
pool. heated ft. 110 massive a &amp; cabanas air-conditioned w/private Vegas Las in feel urbane most the provides floor 7th .@TrumpLasVegas'
money! them sending start will Government U.S. the that doubt no there's because planets other on life find never we hope I
Billionaire a Like Think - ethic." same the with people attract will you hard work to like you "If
Party! Tea for victory big and NEWS GREAT - Mississippi in win will he like looks McDaniel Chris
DISASTER! TOTAL A IS PRESIDENT OUR TRIED. BE SHOULD AND LAW THE BROKE HE exchange. prisoner a about Congress with consulted never Obama
incompetence? gross for president a impeach to allowed you Are
deserter. a to ObamaCare from everything virtually about lie representatives his and Obama Bergdahl? about lie to told Rice Susan Was
done! well - story accurate very and great a for you Thank .@newsbusters
Amazing! trade. deserter 1 for killers 5 "brilliant" Obama's against stance strong my for me hits magazine @VanityFair failing Rapidly
is! U.S. dumb how saying are They now. right time good a having and laughing be really must deserter a for released leaders Taliban five The
swap? 1 for 5 stupid very the make to as little so know or dumb so be anybody could How U.S. the to embarrassment great a is President Our
Touch Midas – spirit.” entrepreneurial the called often is again and again win and lose win to dream to ability entrepreneur’s “The
@Military_News) (h/t http://t.co/wiUIl71AM3 deserted he after Bergdahl for searching died who heroes brave six our Remember
Touch Midas – that.” do can entrepreneurs Only jobs. real create can government no that is problem “The
citizens. becoming immigrants illegal for is he as health Veterans our for concerned as was commander-in-chief our if nice be would It
Senate! the Take November. towards united remain @GOP &amp; Party Tea the that crucial is it primaries competitive f/tonight’s forward Moving
Messier Mark Champion Cup Stanley @NYRangers – game.” the of out aspect that take to want never you and game tough a “It's
http://t.co/sW2NTojbgn event tremendous a be will Competition @MissUSA 2014 @nbc on ET 8PM at Rouge Baton from live Airing
disadvantage. business great a creating &amp; enemies our on dependent energy more us making jobs American killing is coal on war Obama’s
Lord. Jeffrey with interview my Card” Trump “A Read magazine. @AmSpec month’s this buy to sure Be
thrilled. are Terrorists world. the throughout American every on season open now is it leaders terrible our of Because
Benghazi? in died who 4 the about How behind. soldier a leave never would we said President
nowadays. negotiates U.S. the how That’s deserter. military U.S. a for terrorists killer 5 swap we deal Great
PUNISHMENT? deal! the made have NEVER should U.S. him. for looking died Solders to. not told was he after base the off walked Bergdahl Bowe
#OrangeRoom Bergdahl. for trade terrible the made have could president incompetent equally an by led government incompetent grossly a Only
pathetic! is trade one for killers 5 stupid the making before was Bergdahl who about facts the know didn't administration Obama the That
forward! moving Keep success. your sustaining in factor big a It's going! momentum your Keep Entrepreneurs:
strong! stay &amp; positive Stay business. in successful be never will you times tough the handle cannot you If Entrepreneurs:
it! blew he but dead the from back him brought Apprentice The terrible. were ratings spoke people “fired”—the got just .@ArsenioHall
http://t.co/9SimxShXZW disaster- Obama Another
News. Evening CBS from directly came base the leaving about statement The
questions! Many weapon. a without base his off wandered simply he 2009 In capture. his explain to have will Bergdahl Sgt. point some At
disaster. to lead only can this but involved family the for situation terrible and sad a is It terrorists. with negotiate cannot U.S. The
loss! U.S. Another Bergdahl. Bowe Sgt. for exchange in prisoners Taliban five over handing by precedent BAD VERY a created Obama President
beauty! a is It Canada. in hotel rated highest - Hotel International Trump great the checking Toronto in am I
cancelled! just was Arsenio it. make never run long the in disloyal are that People happen. to had it Well #TheArsenioHallShow
@Oprah - attitude.” his changing merely by future his change can person a that is time all of discovery greatest “The
justice. face &amp; back come should who coward a is he fact In hero. no is he mistake no Make disgrace. a and traitor a is Snowden
http://t.co/aD3xqoK0eD Hospitals” Worst To Went Bonuses As Grows Scandal “VA @IBDinvestors: via – READ MUST
http://t.co/jQJ495iFh6 skyline the overlooking guestrooms spa 53 &amp; rooms treatment 12 w/ services star 5 offers Spa The .@TrumpChicago’s
dealmakers. smart by accomplished be only can which trade smart need We policies. trade our by victimized being is worker American The
leadership? the is Where broken. is Washington precipice. the on is country Our
care immediate get should vets our fast so stamps food get can you disgrace.If a is scandal VA The nation. our of pride the are vets Our
http://t.co/AvuLj7LVcO course yd 7400 72 Par top Scotland @GolfWorld1’s thru threading treasure world a are @TrumpScotland of Dunes The
http://t.co/9HTxGAPRty @cspan via brand business a building of topic the on #NPCLunch the at Tuesday on @PressClubDC to speech My
http://t.co/v1PeZ9ShJM Luster” Its Lost Has Brand U.S. Says “Trump @snlyngaas: by @PressClubDC Via
country. great our fix to how on focus Will http://t.co/CcHdU3mPv1 Orleans New in @RepLeadConf addressing be will I CT 1:30PM at Today
http://t.co/wqzRKvpaa9 @donaldjtrumpjr and @gwenstefani with am I Here #TBT
fraud! a liar.and a is Snowden
more much so and debt military decimated jobs Russia VA ObamaCare Snowden pathetic: more or weaker look country our seen ever you Have
prepared. you're if out them ride can you but downs and ups of lot a are There bases! your Cover tough. be and prepared Be Entrepreneurs:
challenge. the enjoy exercise--so mind a are remember--problems And problems. your not goals your on Focus
http://t.co/9HTxGAPRty @cspan via brand business a building of topic the on #NPCLunch the at yesterday @PressClubDC to speech My
Champion a Like Think - away." taken be cannot it value intrinsic an have you If elemental. inborn basic means "Intrinsic
http://t.co/jQJ495iFh6 skyline the overlooking guestrooms spa 53 &amp; rooms treatment 12 w/ services star 5 offers Spa The .@TrumpChicago’s
http://t.co/EDE9Bz4bTu hotel- luxury to D.C. in building Office Post Old the of conversion our about story @nytimes Great
Lincoln Abraham Pres. – today.” it evading by tomorrow of responsibility the escape cannot “You
honor! great my was It Club. Press National the at today speech my concerning reviews and comments nice really the of all for you Thank
nations other with us damaged and information invaluable stolen has He SPY! a as tried be should and SPY a is Snowden Edward not or it Like
http://t.co/FVxwNm68ki Category. Course Golf in winner Best the of Best the as Report Robb of issue June in celebrated is Monster Blue The
better! do must We VA. the at lines waiting on die vets our yet gunshot a for surgery emergency immediate got Bomber Boston The
http://t.co/1mT4JGUghR disaster! Unsafe name. Chief’s CIA the disclosed commander-in-chief our Afghanistan to trip his On Amateur. The
Edison A. Thomas -- time. more one just try to always is succeed to way certain most The up. giving in lies weakness greatest Our
Lombardi Vince win.-- never quitters and quit never Winners
Champion a Like Think - achievement.” and experience to up add will efforts of series matter...A what are “Results
http://t.co/3jrXJ7kkxS hotel premiere NYC’s downtown = @TrumpSoHo views stunning &amp; bathrooms oversized spaces living private Featuring
Avenue! Pennsylvania on Office Post Old The inspecting be then will and out sold totally Club Press National the at today speaking am I
leader! real a need We website. ObamaCare dollar billion five the at look just nothing - business or VA the about know does.Obama What
JOB! FANTASTIC Bishop. Ted and B Pete Monty to congrats tournament great really A .@pgaofamerica
victory! fantastic Rory go to Way - .@McIlroyRory
STRONG!!!! BE MUST WE peace. have to us want don't who there out people are there remember but - Day Memorial peaceful and great a Have
http://t.co/2jIAqK93iA building tallest Americas Latin in amenities elite our offers @TrumpPanama Bay Panama over stories 70 Rising
history! modern in fiascos greatest the of One http://t.co/PlhYDjwPKA work not do still many &amp; $5B over cost have websites ObamaCare The
vets. our to than Gitmo at Qaeda Al to care medical better gives administration Obama The
learn? we will When government. planning central big of ineptitude fatal the shows scandal VA The
FAST! &amp; NOW FRACK http://t.co/3ACDKbzdCQ days 1245 record a for $3/gallon over been now has gas class middle &amp; economy the for Terrible
Day! Memorial this country our protecting fallen have who women &amp; men brave our Remember
discuss! to much is There Orleans. New in Friday next @RepLeadConf the addressing be to excited Very
nation! our of symbol eagles bald our Save http://t.co/33vZUrkKu2 year!” every bats and birds million “13-39 kill turbines wind Obama's
Mitch. job Great primary. spirited a winning on @Team_Mitch to Congrats
http://t.co/1YMvzIOnfI Amendment" 1st violating for @AGSchneiderman sues "@Citizens_United @TheTonyLee: by @BreitbartNews Via
@ctrenwith by @itp_ab via http://t.co/Dz3gWGUsZb Dubai” in hotel luxury a build to wants Trump Donald “Exclusive:
http://t.co/bVEfai8hg9 50%” rise properties Dubai see will effect' "'Trump @ctrenwith: by @itp_ab Via
WIN! you end the in - fighting keep just yourself on down get ever Don't war. the win to way new a find you battle a losing by Sometimes
Einstein” Albert - everywhere. you take will Imagination B. to A from you get will Logic
http://t.co/jQzCM7Q3hQ room locker or boardroom in whether useful &amp; fascinating are life Geronimo's from takeaways his lessons Leach's Mike
Gretzky Wayne -- take." don't you shots the of 100% miss "You source: quotation better a from and Thx
place. fantastic a to justice do Thanks--both http://t.co/KfYYCh93V9" another. is Here Donald. much very you Thank "beepee2004
effective! less or weaker look it seen NEVER have and years many for States United the loving and watching been have I
King Stephen -- work. hard of lot a is one successful the from individual talented the separates What salt. table than cheaper is Talent
Anonymous -- them.” do and awake stay others while accomplishments great of dream people "Some
deals. close to able be will you and Big Think to Continue up. give Don’t success. for key a is Persistence
back. be to good always places--but great trip Amazing Dubai. and Scotland Ireland from returned Just
standard. your that Make day. every ability utmost your to best your Do Entrepreneurs:
Einstein Albert - everywhere. you take will Imagination B. to A from you get will Logic
Dubai! in investors biggest world's the of some before speech major a make to now Going
States! United the of friend a not is China Remember
face. U.S. in laughing continue to ammo of plenty Russia giving Russia with deal gas and oil massive signs just China - classic A
doing! love you something Find passionate. be to is victorious be to way best the victorious--and as yourself See Entrepreneurs:
goals! your on fixed Stay about. talking they're what know who people to attention Pay tenacious. be and focused Stay Entrepreneurs:
is. it that perk the as opportunity See procrastinate. not Do forward. move then apply Listen going. momentum a Get Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/Y4YWQRBuLj Dubai. in DAMAC of Chairman the and @ivankatrump With
http://t.co/oMKlrSA2Iv middle. the down right 272 Dubai International Trump at ball first the Hitting
Champion a Like Think – success.” for ingredient necessary a is stamina Positive day. single every positive be to have “You
apart! falling is everything U.S. In strong. &amp; clean looks Everything Dubai. in perfect are bridges and airports sidewalks and roads The
again! strong be must country Our States. United the over all criminals core hard releasing stop must We
SAD! - isn't it but U.S. the in happening be all should It Dubai. in conference news big the for ready Getting
1 BE SHOULD leadership.WE poor than other this for reason no is There U.S. the to relative doing are areas certain well how believe cannot I
course. golf major and villas luxury Announcing hours. two in conference news Major AMAZING! - BOOMING IS PLACE Damac. with Dubai in am I
mess. a to leads B from help No good! not him whacking starts sister wife's his When paradise. in trouble is there but Z Jay like really I
success! massive a be will - Damac with project GREAT a doing am I where Dubai to heading be will I
stupid! So government. incompetent highly though wonderful our by year last released were RECORDS CRIMINAL with immigrants illegal 30000
fun! of lot A WORLD. the in anywhere best the - fantastic are Ireland and (Scotland) Turnberry Aberdeen in developments - days five Amazing
there! you see Ronan Thanks @ronanofficial
economy!) (&amp; people hurting is it that except energy and time of waste total a is it - work can't and work will never work won't NobamaCare
Dubai. in - go no A.M. Monday on Friends &amp; Fox on wisdom of words brilliant my hear to long who people of millions the of all for Sorry
Jobs Steve -- follower. a and leader a between distinguishes Innovation
CHECKING! ALWAYS great. be will property Ireland left Just Turnberry. and Aberdeen in developments my on checking Scotland in am I
Churchill Winston -- counts. that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is Success
Montana Joe - true." come to it expect and heart their all with it want They first. dreams their imagine convinced am I "Winners
doing." you're what about can you everything "Know Trump: C. Fred father my from Advice
@AnitaActually by @independent_ie via http://t.co/NvmSFj5AIp comeback" big a for ready is Ireland that confident is Trump "Donald
yourself." to true be and God in "Trust Trump: MacLeod Mary mother my from Advice
Jobs Steve -- expected. is excellence where environment an to used aren't people Some quality. of yardstick a Be
http://t.co/nbH7mMB66z resort” golf Turnberry newly-purchased his visits Trump “Donald @BBCNews: Via
checks. reality of lot a with thinking positive it Call optimist. cautious a Be
times. all at alert on Be ability. quick-thinking your test to circumstances dire for wait Don't
Big Think – circumstances.” changing to adjust to enough flexible “Be
beginning. a it's plateau a not is achievement and forward move Achievers harmless. be will critics efforts your in steadfast are you If
http://t.co/4nPkwrnEvl here right @TrumpDoral time tee a Book Monster? Blue the conquer you Can
Lombardi Vince dictionary.-- the in is work before comes success place only The
Billionaire a Like Think – impression. bad a leaves thoughtlessness or planning poor to due time people’s other Wasting homework. your Do
you! Thank trip!" great a Have Dubai! to you welcoming to forward Looking @realDonaldTrump @DamacOfficial Properties "DAMAC
company. great a @DamacOfficial Dubai to heading Then Scotland. Links Golf Int'l Trump &amp; Turnberry out check to Scotland to Heading
http://t.co/yCbA3PiGn0 magnificent. absolutely -- Hotel &amp; Links Golf International Trump at Ireland in days two spent Just
http://t.co/zP2hGrnua9 Ireland Hotel &amp; Links Golf International Trump of @IvankaTrump from Photo
Positive. Stay &amp; Focus successes. the celebrate to able be never will you then business with come that times hard the handle can’t you If
organization &amp; family my to welcome wonderful the by honored truly I'm @Trump_Ireland. touring Doonbeg beautiful in be to wonderful is It
http://t.co/4cSwusZg2u hotel premier Honolulu’s is @TrumpWaikiki restaurants top &amp; views ocean w/ lobby open-air world-renowned a With
decision. wise very a made Bengals win! is does he all - NFL the in great do will @10AJMcCarron
great be will It Ireland. Links Golf International Trump on story great the for Carswell Simon wonderful the and you to Thanks @IrishTimes
problem! real a have They television. no - Manhattan in AGAIN out cable Warner Time
it! had just surgery loss weight for Jones Star killed She correct! politically fat-not being at "shame" felt she said just O'Donnell Rosie
@alexsalmond http://t.co/baxjGFylqf Away" Blown be to Need Credits Tax "Wind-Power @SenAlexander: by @WSJ Via
either. one that believe Don't side. his on is opinion” “public week past this donors his told Obama
now! leadership New http://t.co/kY4guluN5Y formed being they're than faster collapsing are businesses Obama under first historic Another
http://t.co/NYQucbV8Vu stories.” success phony Five - Myth-Making “Obamacare @JayCostTWS: by weeklystandard f/@ read Must
http://t.co/Zqltqt2ak7 Fazio Tom architect famed by designed holes 36 features Bedminster Nat’l Trump @PGAChampionship 2022 the of Home
@dennisrodman Great! it. take wouldn’t you &amp; mouth your in words put Somebody honest. being for you Dennis—Thank
http://t.co/T7Lx8Ugren help- should U.S. the where case rare A
http://t.co/cwICuPwsZF Hollywood- for message A
Edison A. Thomas -- up. gave they when success to were they close how realize not did who people are failures life's of Many
congrats! - decision wise very a made just Cleveland
watch). to exciting (and good really be to going is he - Manziel Johnny taking not mistake big a making are Teams
season! good really a have will you - pick GREAT Jerry @dallascowboys
GREAT! be will Watkins Sammy - Buffalo by pick Great
star. a be will he - Football Johnny pick should somebody think I
STARS. become will few a only but talent of lot A interesting! be will DRAFT NFL the watching am I
Emerson Waldo Ralph -- accomplishment. greatest the is else something you make to trying constantly is that world a in yourself be To
@TigerWoods - part.” exciting the that's and better get always can you get you good how matter “No
it. about know people let success have you When will. else one no yourself promote not do you if Remember
Touch Midas - operation." of modes and gifts your complement who people with yourself surround and self true your "Discover
smart! Be goals. ultimate your on focused and calm Stay happen. will it likely less the deal a close to are you desperate more the Also
confidence. gain &amp; Win career. your of important most the are deals first your that Remember – entrepreneurs Young
Touch them.”–Midas beyond get to Fight way. your in obstacles &amp; people of lots have You’ll for. fighting worth it’s doing worth it’s “If
@MickelsonHat Mickelson Phil - win.” and gentleman a like play to is It win. to just not is golf of object “The
leaders! incompetent or crazy of hands the in WEAPONS NUCLEAR by caused warming global the is about worried be should we warming global The
Apprentice! on him fired I Glad him. with Korea North to go to wanted I said he when (delusional) drugs on or drunk either was Rodman Dennis
to. go to want I Earth on place last interest no discussed Never him. with Korea North to go to wanted I saying is Rodman Dennis Crazy
Billionaire a Like Think - business.” of aspects all in – best the be better you’d best the be to want you “If
warnings. change” ‘climate issuing busy is Obama yet Qaeda Al by run is Libya &amp; up nuking is Iran Ukraine the in move the on is Russia
prosecutor. seasoned a is Gowdy committee. select Benghazi the of chairman as @TGowdySC placing in @SpeakerBoehner by decision Great
Hagan! Kay advocate ObamaCare defeat and unite to party the for Time primary. Senate @NCGOP winning on @thomtillis to Congratulations
http://t.co/H5oMoXxclQ legends golf of artwork vintage include Guestrooms Deluxe Villa New @TrumpDoral’s @IvankaTrump by Designed
people! many hurt She pay. will lawyers her or pay will father her pay will Pennsylvania Miss Either
person! nice a Not Pageant. USA Miss about statements untrue and terrible her for Monnin Sheena Pennsylvania Miss against $5000000 Won
better). were days old (the codes break can nerds brilliant many too - computers of age the in security national great have never will We
Palmer Arnold -- construction. under always is success to road The
Carnegie Andrew -- best. your doing of consciousness the for except approval for look not Do
http://t.co/GS4jWd1lAc @ScottJW Whitlock Scott you Thank said. I what about lied Schultz Ed sleazy ratings no having from Aside
it! Love losers. from fees legal in $ tremendous receive will now -- trial won -- Lauderdale Ft. in victory legal great a had Just
guest. a interview to trying while mumbling &amp; stumbling night other the him interview—saw simple a do can’t @sethmeyers guy This
Champion a Like Think – way.” your comes what handle to able are you know and yourself underestimate not “Do
late! too is it before Repeal ObamaCare. to thanks 2020 by healthcare their lose could workers American of 90% Over
Bad! flat. staying hours weekly &amp; wages hourly w/average force work the left 800000 Over report. job April’s on Obama Barack to Congrats
http://t.co/2mPwSPrDtz City Windy the over stories 92 luxurious a soars @TrumpChicago @LuxTravelExpert by views room its for Celebrated
http://t.co/ULCGSI40Ym lifestyle Toronto ultimate the provide condominiums residential luxury @TrumpTO’s amenities top world’s the With
ENJOY about! talk to things Many 7.00. at minutes 10 in Friends &amp; Fox doing be will I
Championship! Senior PGA 2017 the host to chosen been having club our on DC National Trump at members GREAT my to Congrats @TrumpGolfDC
JOKE. TOTAL A themselves! of ashamed be should They victory. Mayweather the justify to hard working are announcers ring The
dead! to close is boxing wonder No
DISGUSTING. close! even not was Fight wild. going and angry is place - decision phony that of out hell the booing is Crowd
disgrace! a is decision Mayweather The
FIX? PLACE. TAKE SHOULD INVESTIGATION WON. MAYWEATHER SAY JUDGES WAY NO
say! judges what see lets but - big lost Mayweather - over is Fight
killed! absolutely getting is Mayweather
LEFT. ROUNDS TWO even. is it say announcers but Maidana Marcos by rounds 10 through badly up beaten being is Mayweather Floyd
winner! a and player great truly a is He apologize. least at or fired be should Unreliable" "Mr. Durant Kevin called that reporter The
it with away get and lies up make can "journalists" so-called some that Incredible media. the in accuracy of standard higher a be must There
victory ahead- task the of thinking stop never but fun have entrepreneurs young are that you of those for and everyone weekend great a Have
insecure! and awkward Very takes. it what have doesn't just but hard trying really is he - it help can't Seth .@sethmeyers
mouth! his in marbles interviewer Bad him. for sorry feel to have you that show his doing uncomfortable and unnatural so is Myers Seth
http://t.co/iDODxtTtwL left. from second Academy- Military At #FlashbackFriday
Einstein Albert character.-- of weakness becomes attitude of Weakness
#DAMAC GMT 1630 &amp; 0930 @ 2014 May 8 Thurs @CNNLivingGolf on feature will Club #Golf Int'l #Trump @ course the of progress the on feature A
@FoxNews via http://t.co/RYbAUW3Ii5 courses” Trump to headed both @seniorpgachamp “@PGAChampionship
http://t.co/x3ew7g9pNU Course” Golf @The_Open British Four-Time Buys Trump “Donald @warnerthuston: by @BreitbartSports Via
predetermined concessions your have to best It's prudent. Be demands. more to lead could that negotiations during concession a make Never
terms. better with them get then from...and away walk you ones the are make can you deals best The 101: Negotiations
RT" http://t.co/VtoJfdzzHz #autism with people of needs medical unmet highlighting campaign #AutismMayDay our support Please @TweetingAutism
should. He resign? to going is Carter Graydon dopey that it has rumor badly so doing revenue advertising and circulation @VanityFair With
asset! greatest China’s – Obama Pres. projections. of ahead way year this economy our pass now will China
LATE! TOO IS IT BEFORE REPEAL growth. Q1 .1% now but jobs of loss &amp; care decreased premiums higher brought has only not ObamaCare
etc. PGA Senior &amp; Championship PGA great the getting about talking be Will morning. this 8.00 at @GolfChannel on interview doing be Will
restaurants! food bad with loser a is Carter Graydon NOTHING. got it - Awards Magazine National the at out shut totally was Fair Vanity Wow
http://t.co/eLzRceSqui buy” Turnberry confirms Trump Donald tycoon property “US @BBCNews: Via
Bedminster Trump at @pgachampionship &amp; DC Trump at @seniorpgachamp properties best our of two at championships great two host to Excited
Bedminster Trump to @pgachampionship &amp; @TrumpGolfDC to @seniorpgachamp bring will we that @pgaofamerica w/ Announced
@pgaofamerica at friends my with news big some for ready Getting
Palmer Arnold - hunger.” and confidence of combination a of out comes “Concentration
past! murky the into litigation after fade to start will mess This Clippers. the and Sterling concerning down cool to start now will It
Sterling. Donald concerning decision wise very and strong a made Silver Adam Commissioner
http://t.co/3cN3Y1WJqO waterfall magnificent w/a amenities signature our features Tower Trump NYC midtown in landmark premier The
Jamie! Birthday Happy .@jamieaydt
http://t.co/CIzlqPO7ID interview- @foxandfriends my is here are reporters certain dishonest how you show to Just
power. that has she accurate—if be to reporters her force should @ariannahuff Dopey
comments. Sterling’s to response in used I words the are “disgusting” and “Horrible” say. people what to listen to important It’s
manner. incorrect knowingly a in used are that statements provide to edited be can comments how amazing also is It
GREATNESS! OF POWER THE UNDERESTIMATE NEVER BACK. COME ALWAYS AND FAIL SELDOM WILL CHAMPION GREAT TRULY A
statement! HELL FROM GIRLFRIEND my reported only press DISHONEST some @foxandfriends on Sterling Donald lambasting after that amazing is It
Limit. the is Sky The Confident. Remain Always &amp; Motivated Stay Big Think Entrepeneurs: Young
premium. rising your to on added gift special Obama’s It’s http://t.co/iFZRjKmWjP taxes? 2014 new 21 ObamaCare’s enjoying everyone Is
Already. Enough Taxed T-E-A. taxes. loves He http://t.co/9xUS7oPepE revenue” tax in hike trillion $1 “eyes budget 2014 Obama’s
Strength! Through Peace leaders. weak has America when happens what world the shown has Putin
signs…http://t.co/j45zVecoXd the learn and @autismspeaks from ad amazing this Watch
http://t.co/4cVNkl9Vwo developments the all Follow September. in completed be Will underway. is redesign Course Red .@TrumpDoral’s
MESS! (Clippers) Sterling Donald the the discussing be will - 7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be will I
lead! can't He irrational. totally something do will he concerned am I that fronts all fact in fronts many so on losing is Obama President
@alexsalmond others. for turbines wind making time same the at while energy for nuclear in all going is China that ironic it Isn't
start good a to off you're &amp; list the to focus Add entrepreneur. an become could you vision &amp; resilience confidence passion have you If
Best! The http://t.co/NUfG0sOK9o luxury of definition the is @TrumpNewYork NYC in hotel @fivediamond &amp; Five-Star @Forbes only The
trouble! big in is country our - them with deal trade a make can't we and tax import zero with cars of millions us sell to Japan allow We
CARDS HAVE WE us sell they all with that him tell please somebody Can deal. trade Japan in setbacks suffers Obama states headline N.Y.Times
http://t.co/UfH5cjn8LK City. York New in Center Convention the proposed I when man young a As #TBT
Big Think – focus.” destroys “Worry
Billionaire a Like Think – up.” give never and stop never job your love you know you “Once
Lombardi Vince know.” you'll better the ask you more understand.The don’t you something upon improve can’t yourself.You know to “Get
http://t.co/LoVuJhXWEB enrollments” million “6 w/ sticking who’s CBO by # enrollment Ocare on lying caught already Obama predicted I As
http://t.co/tA7ROApu0N Miami in course golf #1 the @TrumpDoral naming for @HauteLivingMag you Thank
http://t.co/GV83zX5g1j course #1 FL’s as Magazine Golf Florida by ranked is Beach Intl.Palm Trump golfing of holes 27 expanded newly W/a
NEGOTIATES? WHO protection. their for pay we and - massive is U.S. vs surplus Their deals. trade on us killing absolutely is Korea South
all! to hi say - you see to great was It @AndreaTantaros
@VinceMcMahon - it.” of afraid not I'm But fail. to hate I fail. to like don't I failing. of afraid not “I'm
Big Think - stronger." you make to challenges monumental and events adverse "Use
election ’14 after probably time opportune an at House White the by ‘readjusted’ be will lie.They a are numbers enrollment ObamaCare The
place. first the in to intended never He weapons. chemical his destroying not is Assad surprise No
#FilmForAll Kane Citizen choice? My @tribecafilmfest. and @attnyc from summer this free for film a see to chance a get will Yorkers New
Buffalo! in belong Bills The catastrophic. be would @buffalobills the Moving struggling. is Buffalo of city The
Billionaire a Like Think - easily." rich get ever Few impossibilities. chase to have you visionary a be "To
http://t.co/AvuLj7LVcO dunes through threaded yds. picturesque 7400 is course 72 Par coastline@TrumpScotland’s Aberdeenshire rugged On
Day! Earth so-called on 747 Boeing a in around flying is Obama President how Interesting
fall! not Do unpresidential. and inelegant so is way the all bobbing &amp; hopping 1 Force Air of stairs the down runs Obama President way The
year! GREAT a have will - good looking are You Doral. National Trump at you love they - note nice your for Thanks .@McIlroyRory
MAKE! DON'T YOU ONES THE ARE INVESTMENTS BEST YOUR SOMETIMES remember Always
@jack_welch - up.” measure don't that those on action take you and people your measure “You
leaders. our unlike Smart http://t.co/tItkQ0PmZH conflict Ukraine the of advantage taking Russia w/ deal oil massive a closing is China
it. ending for consequences tragic be will There 9/11. since safe NYC kept Program Surveillance NYPD The
ObamaCare. 're fan" the hit to going medicine..it's tough the are that fees and taxes these of all "There's said (D-Ma) Lynch Stephen Rep.
Keystone stopped again he day next The term" long the for economy our improve would infrastructure in "investing said Obama Thursday Last
proud. is country entire The @bostonmarathon. safe and successful yesterday’s on @bostonpolice to Congratulations
positively! Think win. a there's will a there's Where change. to picture the for prepared be picture--but big the Get
opportunities. the for look always life...But and business of part inevitable an are setbacks and mistakes difficulties that Understand
Touch Midas - " do. you when accomplish can you what by shocked be You'll it. for go and high vision your set big "Think
http://t.co/e1uV7YR68I River Potomac scenic and peaceful the along acres rolling 600 graces @TrumpGolfDC courses style champion two With
http://t.co/nUsRUTn508 Atrium the of corner the in nestled Grill Trump features @TrumpTowerNY building iconic most Avenue’s Fifth
it get China &amp; Iran Now it). of some least at (or oil the taken least at have should we made was Iraq into going of mistake tragic the Once
sad! there-so us kept and us put pols dumb Really imploding. is so) you told (I Iraq dollars trillion two spending and lost thousands After
Thatcher Margaret - liberty.” economic is there unless liberty no be can “There
back. us holding is Washington world. the in country powerful most the be again once would we potential energy its unlocked America If
ears. Putin’s to music was It flexibility.” more “have would he reelect ’12 the after Medvedev told Obama
power. nuclear a becomes Tehran after Iran with tied be could he Ultimately Putin. Vladimir --- win ’08 Obama’s of winner biggest The
Buffalo. in remain should @buffalobills fanbase loyal a with franchise storied A
Champion a Like Think - business." is So strategy. of game a is chess that know all "We
http://t.co/8mRlTsNogE courses winning award two with club country family top NJ's is Bedminster Nat’l Trump Year the of Club .@NJPGA
yet. best the be to up shaping is 14th record a season This @ApprenticeNBC. filming of week another finished Just
Al-Zayani Musaid by @aawsat_eng via http://t.co/tkrJ4epiPU region’” the in else anything unlike Dubai Estates ‘Trump “@IvankaTrump:
things? obvious most the even about lie man one can much how - political" "not was pipeline Keysyone the said cronies his through Obama
day! your and it Enjoy minutes). (15 7 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be will I
out! and inside both ugly is Huffington Arianna that and disaster a been has AOL by purchase its said I that upset just is Post Huffington
who?). (guess government our in worse far have we but - standing and country our to damage tremendous done bad is Snowden Look
DAY! GREAT A HAVE - EASTER HAPPY
Buffalo. in stay would team and me than job better a do will one No mistake. a making are you Frank @frankpro
night. Good deal! producing job and great a sign to now go to Have
executed be would strong and respected was country our when days old the in spy A U.S. the to damage great caused has who spy a is Snowden
ability! negotiating zero has he but hard trying and working for credit Kerry John State of Secretary give I
damage! great caused He trial? stand to home back garbage human of piece that bring to going we are When Snowden. has still Russia Remember
all. to Holiday and/or Easter Happy announced. be to deal—soon estate real big a closing evening the into late working be will I
actress. wonderful am—a still and Novak Kim of fan big a always was I
NOW FRACK http://t.co/iK5bSwqiKk March past this high all-time an to surged prices electricity class middle the for Nasty
http://t.co/fPpFEby5mV carts” shopping online “their in plan a putting user web a as enrollee an counts Obama lie: enrollment ObamaCare
http://t.co/KnZBqhH9Fi views Ocean Pacific panoramic spectacular features @TrumpGolfLA course public luxurious most Coast's West The
sanctions? remove then &amp; negotiation successful completing than rather negotiating to prior Iran against sanctions remove Obama Pres did Why
Levy Marv Coach Head @buffalobills @ProFootballHOF - surrender." to is it harder the work you harder "The
success. your about hears community business the &amp; friends public the sure Make will. else one no yourself sell don’t you if Remember
late. too is it before now REPEAL ObamaCare. of because directly jobs lose will 2.5M over that estimates now CBO
hell! as guilty is Pistorious Oscar
http://t.co/99dCdxArXm 23 WrestleMania #TBT
http://t.co/NVvrlU7wKt more! and mascara his @AGSchneiderman re piece investigative @NewYorkObserver the read to fun Always
Unfair. organizer. community a is Obama ex-KGB is Putin disadvantage. great a at is America
@cspan via http://t.co/hbh8qe449M #NHFreedomSummit @AFPhq @Citizens_United Saturday’s last from speech My
http://t.co/kOVsybAufn w/@seanhannity interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/u10HqU1r7p Nat'l/Bedminster" toTrump playoffs golf charity brings "@TigerWoods @wobriensomerset: BY @NJcomsomerset Via
hit. times hard if/when check in kept be will equilibrium your and catastrophe?" a it is or blip a this "is yourself Ask Entrepreneurs:
Churchill Winston -- responsibility." is greatness of price "The
it. for go and there out water--get tread Don’t unique. be to afraid be Don’t it. with stick and vision own your Have Entrepreneurs:
them. from learn and field your in people best the study Then achieve. to want you what precisely know goals your Identify Entrepreneurs:
momentum. develop and positive Stay focused. Stay counts. day every that remember Entrepreneurs--Always
http://t.co/Lnlfq3wyXf Norman. Lake beautiful of views incredible has @Trump_Charlotte locations- best the pick I
Billionaire a Like Think - results." through is people impress to way best The success. breeds "Success
Jeter Derek Captain @Yankees - true.” come do dreams Yes stadium. Yankee at is office “My
hidden data REAL http://t.co/FM76jygCDn O'Care of effects” the measure to difficult be will “it so Census the changed has Obama
http://t.co/Fz5o9BpkeZ bunkers sand strategic 64 &amp; greens caliber tour fairways pristine has course @TrumpNationalNY’s Valley Hudson In
you! Thank @PriscoCBS
@DalaiLama - actions.” own your from comes It made. ready something not is “Happiness
Champion a Like Think – them!” with Deal either. them on dwell don’t and problems your off toss “Don’t
price. heavy very a pay should &amp; US the to damage tremendous done has Russia—he from back Snowden Get
secrets. US massive everyone) (&amp; them given has who Snowden have still they forget don’t Russia by shown disrespect the of top On
win. ultimately will you goods the have you If easily. settle don’t and calm Remain fluid. are negotiations Remember
http://t.co/smkecNPJzP world the f/around rituals wellness by inspired treatments classic offers @TrumpSoHo at Spa The hammam sole NYC's
Jobs perseverance."--Steve pure is ones non-successful the from entrepreneurs successful separates what of half about that convinced "I'm
http://t.co/pcRMYVyBPi faithful” party up fires Manchester in rally “GOP Smith: Bill BY @UnionLeader Via
http://t.co/vRkl8bMJ7g @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump with wardrobe business your update here almost Summer's
same? the be will result the if wonder I O.J. as guilty as is runner" blade "the Pistorious Oscar
Scotland. dotting turbines wind ugly very and killing bird costly the about senses your to come will you that doubt no have @AlexSalmond-I
tourism! hurt would reason The Ocean. Atlantic the on resort great my near farm wind killing bird the ended just Ireland - .@AlexSalmond
thoughts? his or grammar his worse is Which vote". to people register to harder more it making "even are they said Sharpton Al
numbers?! enrollment ObamaCare bogus his believe anyone would why so plan” your keep can “you said he when lied Obama
http://t.co/4xeMNWrSb8 BEFORE’” SEEN NEVER HAVE YOU LIKE FENCE BORDER A BUILD WOULD ‘I “TRUMP: @rwildewrites: by @BreitbartNews Via
http://t.co/CadFELfiG1 #NHFreedomSummit at @JoshMcElveen WMUR’s with interview My
soon! State Granite the to back be Will #NHFreedomSummit. at me hosting for @AFPhq &amp; @Citizens_United @David_Bossie to thanks Big
http://t.co/y04JVKFsAN course golf elite an and lifestyle luxury true the presents @Trump_Charlotte Norman Lake of shores the On
Churchill Winston -- last. him eat will it hoping crocodile a feeds who one is appeaser An
Churchill Winston -- results. the at look occasionally should you strategy the beautiful However
http://t.co/IJ00bXc6h0 @AlexSalmond tourism hurt would've which windfarm ugly an killed just smart—they very are Ireland of people The
Proverb Latin -- oars. the to take serve not will wind the If
ENJOY! hour). (1 A.M. 7 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be Will
hard. working Keep MAJORS! many and tournaments many win will you Jordan down get don't and Masters the at playing Great .@JordanSpieth
win. Masters fantastic another on Congratulations guy! great a what also but be to out turned have you player great a What .@bubbawatson
Einstein Albert -- questioning. stop to not is thing important The tomorrow. for hope today for live yesterday from Learn
http://t.co/4BlxNbDtgT @itstonybennett and @Regis Rooney Mickey With #FlashbackFriday
Churchill Winston -- required. what's do to have we sometimes best; our do we that enough not It's
GREAT! be will You City. the in people talented very of group growing fastest and finest the joining on Congratulations .@KAThomas212
show! the on you see will I - @STEPHENATHOME to Congratulations
Einstein Albert -- minds." mediocre from opposition violent encountered always have spirits mind:"Great in this keep Entrepreneurs
relationships cultivate to sure Be future. the in deals greater to lead can relationship business every that remember always Entrepreneurs
Emerson Waldo Ralph -- enthusiasm. without achieved ever was great Nothing
http://t.co/2mPwSPrDtz hotel #1 Chicago’s is @TrumpChicago Field Wrigley of anniversary 100th celebrate to City Windy the to traveling If
Manchester. in Summit Freedom @AFPhq @Citizens_United Saturday’s this at message positive &amp; pro-growth a promoting to forward Looking
fireworks! Major heat. the up turning already are Celebrities the @ApprenticeNBC filming of week first our Into
http://t.co/8Ia6IcTxZk Mullally Megan with Acres" "Green performing Emmys the during stage the On #TBT
EARTH! ON SHOWS GREATEST THE of one - weekend this Masters The watching to forward looking Really
Schopenhauer Arthur – see.” can else one no target a hits Genius hit. can else one no target a hits “Talent
http://t.co/fBvmHgAviU Summit. Freedom @AFPhq @Citizens_United &amp; comment immigration absurd Bush's Jeb re interview @NewsRadio967 My
year. this Hampshire New to visit Second Manchester. in Summit Freedom @AFPhq @Citizens_United Saturday's at speaking to forward Looking
time. over out them dose—spread massive one in not children—just for vaccines of proponent big a am I understand don’t people many So
ticket. hot a is @TrumpDoral at Villa Player Gary the morning—&amp; this @MikeAndMike on great were you .@garyplayer
you! Thank reviews. Great it. of piece a wants everybody - business record doing is Miami in Doral National Trump at Monster Blue The
@TMZ talent! No play?? doesn’t that club golf a of member a is Who golf. play doesn’t but National Dallas of member a is he says .@mcuban
@TMZ strength!!!! or talent no got he’s tournament- in played I while Tahoe Lake in ball a hit to try @mcuban Saw
well! doing really are you - work great the up keep Kim @kimkotter
GET! I LUCKIER THE WORK I HARDER THE resort. major a - deal good) very hopefully (and exciting very a on working am I and a.m. 4.35 It's
http://t.co/RRC1jMWclG @DoryaInteriors @HPMARKETNEWS amazing! looks It today. Collection Furniture Dorya by Home Trump the Launching
ENJOY! - morning this 7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
Xena! Thanks @XenaHer1
great! time all an be - hard Work International. Trump at you of proud are We "majors". many of first your winning in job Great .@Lexi
truth! the know They more). (much billion $3.9 worth I'm say didn't) (I bankrupt went I say don't) (I wig a wear I say losers and Haters
asshole? an he's that fact the or financials his it Was team. a buy Cuban Mark let wouldn't they when smart really was Baseball League Major
fetched far bit a sounds 370 flight of box black the from ping the up pick and Ocean Indian massive the search to nations all of China For
Kat! Thanks @katwatson59
@CNN. great once the to happened has what hate I
touch! his losing be must Zucker Jeff going. nothing got has he - @smerconish with money and time waste would @CNN that believe can't I
Aristotle nothing."– be and nothing say nothing do criticism: avoid to way one only is "There
http://t.co/PaAIZCxUXA office. my in musicians- favorite my of one .@Neilyoung-
pushing! I’m champion. real a are You words. nice your for Thanks .@Andre_Reed83
Ruth Babe -- way." your in get out striking of fear the let "Never
@Letterman guy! great a is retirement--he his announced has Letterman David believe can't I
ideas. new to open be always student a be Always before?" know didn't I that today learn I can "What yourself: Ask
agree! I opinion? your What's fail." he'd Apprentice Celebrity over took Obama if job; amazing an do would he president became Trump "If
Johnson Samuel perseverance."-- by but strength by not performed are works "Great
bad! too Really ratings. the in dying absolutely is that show a has @ArsenioHall ungrateful very the hear I
business. your of success the serve best will that example an it employees.Make your for motivation the be could you Watching Entrepreneurs:
surprises. big some for in be you'll doing you’re what about everything know don’t you If details. to attention Pay Entrepreneurs:
checks. reality of lot a with thinking positive it Call optimistic. cautiously Be Entrepreneurs:
http://t.co/yuUSn1lUFf restaurant 'Sixteen' exceptional its and Chicago Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump acclaimed highly the Visit
Andretti Mario -- enough." fast going not just you're control under seems everything "If
http://t.co/7su88r1Mr0 @WrestleFact history WWE in show rated hair--highest @VinceMcMahon's shave I 23: WrestleMania history in Today
Carnegie Andrew doing."-- are they what in fun have they unless succeed rarely "People
Champion a Like Think -- quest." a with thoughts are Questions success. breeds success in as discovery breeds "Discovery
http://t.co/M1hOTCUjmV restaurant Five-Diamond AAA &amp; Five-Star Forbes a both is @jeangeorges @TrumpNewYork of restaurant signature The
http://t.co/Gki5bk0RH7 Center Rockefeller of front in Yesterday
WARMING! GLOBAL some use could we - history recorded in month coldest the was March York New In
@AberdeenshireCC @AberdeenCC @AlexSalmond http://t.co/AyFhRGf39v crazy! community driving windfarm Noisy
this. for reason --No stage! world the on back Russia &amp; Putin Vladimir put have we leadership failed Obama's President of Because
Emerson Waldo Ralph -- trail." a leave and path no is there where instead go lead may path the where go not "Do
7. at week next up double Will meeting. morning--big this @foxandfriends do couldn't Sorry
game! a lose never would they you like were they if season this Dodgers the with luck Good .@MagicJohnson
you! of proud are we - congrats and work great the up Keep .@genesimmons
#motivation" living 5-star to no say can't Just unit. a up pick gonna I'm fantastic. looks Vancouver in tower TRUMP new Your @MagnaSearchGRP
Sad! - show your gotten have never could you Apprentice The without that me told You me! not but forget people quickly How - .@ArsenioHall
nowhere! be would you which without Apprentice The is you about piece Esquire nice the in mention don't you thing only The - .@ArsenioHall
changes necessary the making of capable one ONLY the is he and reality is he reality it's - president for @realDonaldTrump @PrincessDaytura
time. over out shots Spread children. tiny into doses massive shooting against am I but anti-vaccine NOT am I losers: and haters all To
others. energize you'll and yourself Energize up! yourself talk yourself in Believe entrepreneurs: old) (and young all To
effort. group a not is entrepreneur an becoming that Realize either. will else one no don’t you If yourself. in Believe Entrepreneurs:
you. around right opportunities great be may There see?” to not pretending I am yourself—“What ask to question Another Entrepreneurs:
exist?” yet not does that provide I can –“What yourself ask to question good A Entrepreneurs: For
Picasso Pablo -- working." us find to has it but exists "Inspiration
http://t.co/GjjtzV29wz monstrosities these on losses its for pay to government British investment—wants wind offshore slashes SSE
autism! with millions for awareness raise will #LIUB 4/2. on blue world the light and @autismspeaks Join
bodies? tiny those into doses pump big vs. vaccines dose small give doctors having by lose to have we do what up way being autism With
cases! such Many AUTISM. - changes and good feel doesn't vaccines many of shot massive with pumped gets doctor to goes child young Healthy
HURRY! DON'T BUT QUICK BE - players basketball his to W Coach
AUTISM. - take cannot child small a that shots massive time one allow not would but vaccinations proper for push would I President were I If
NOW! stop should Govt. handle. to child small for much Too shots. once at all massive not but vaccinations in believe I - UP WAY Autism
http://t.co/dHKqyoL86W father- my with are we Here person. wonderful a and beauty great a was mother my asking been have who all For #TBT
you. Thank ??" ran. ever you if vote my have You patriot. American real a is Trump Mr. "Edddie24
Fame. of Hall on terrific--congratulations is .@genesimmons
make! don't you deal the is make you deal best the oftentimes Remember
http://t.co/hGMdepZJ6t - @PodcastOne at @KathieLGifford with interview my to Listen
Channel News eastern/FOX pm 7 at tonight @gretawire Susteren Van Greta with RECORD THE ON be will I
Churchill Winston -- going." keep hell through going you're "If
Churchill Winston -- counts." that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is "Success
Churchill Winston -- life." your in sometime something for up stood you've means That Good. enemies? have "You
... up." give never never "Never Churchill: Winston courageous and legendary the from quotes great Some
China to jobs to oil) the taking so if but in going (not Iraq from issue every virtually on right been yearsI’ve the over looked you’ve If
guy? this is stupid totally How #1. target it made singlehandedly has he response his in yesterday Manhattan mentioning Obama By
weakness! from dealing and over rolling not - components military important all strengthening be to States United the for time the is This
NYC. in off going weapon nuclear a of concept the mention to or power "regional" a Russia calling be to Obama for smart or good Not
him for work tough is it - lead to ment never was leader natural a not is He Netherlands. the in exhausted absolutely looks Obama President
Franklin Benjamin -- else." anything for good seldom is excuses making for good is that "He
http://t.co/gAPE7AoYvJ missed. be will He me. about book fair very a wrote who writer terrific a was away passed just who Slater Robert
Roosevelt F.D. seated." be brief; be sincere; "Be speaking: public for advice some Here's everyone. by appreciated is point the to Getting
Gretzky Wayne -- take." don't you shots the of 100% miss "You
https://t.co/Y1GWc6nvTu in- it made question your if see and Watch #AskTheDonald. latest the in questions your answering time great a had I
http://t.co/VSdRxGkUMC issue 2014 17 March me. about piece nice really the for @SInow Illustrated Sports &amp; @GaryVanSickle to you Thank
fall. a take will he point some at and presidential look Doesn’t One. Force Air off getting when stairs the down running stop should Obama
overdue. soon—long it doing be will they hear I iPhone. screen large a produce to them hounding for me with upset is Apple if wonder I
ObamaCare! of rid get and economy the on hard work closely Russia Watch LEAD! and "March.Madness" off mind his get FOCUS now must Obama
FAST LEADERSHIP GREAT NEED WE III. War World to lead could and - think may people most than dangerous more much is Russia with situation The
survive &amp; prosper to strong very be Must ever. levels highest their to systems defense missile our and military our up building be should We
U.S.! the or Obama for respect zero has He Empire. Russian the re-build to continue will Putin believe I
SAD numbers. ever lowest his to fallen has hand other the on Obama popularity. high time all an with Russia in hero big a become has Putin
Trump MacLeod Mary – yourself.” to true be and God in “Trust mother: my from advice Great
Trump C. Fred -- doing." you're what about can you everything "Know father: my from advice Great
Churchill Winston -- potential." our unlocking to key the is - intelligence or strength not - effort "Continuous
DONE! BE CAN IT game. own his at Putin beat can you and Madness) March more (no FOCUS and sharp be smart be cool be Obama President
(basketball)! Madness March watching is Obama President World the over take to how on beaming and scheming is Putin While
history! our in worst the maybe president terrible absolutely an is he think just I all at Obama hate don't I
spending? China &amp; Russia are much how OK-but that's and passengers Chinese mostly with plane lost the for looking fortune a spending We're
us! for bad Too Putin. Vladimir fool to able not but elected getting by Americans the fool to able was Obama President
Ford Henry -- intelligently." more time this again begin to opportunity the simply is "Failure
Wooden John -- out." turn things way the of best the make who people the for best out turn "Things
http://t.co/CpoKmt6EXD Dubai Links Golf Int’l byTrump situated villas luxury DAMAC by Akoya at Estates Trump announce to excited are We
Australia. of coast the off Ocean Indian the in found been have may plane like Looks
batteries. those uses it - Dreamliner 787 Boeing the on fly won't I aircraft. in used be to allowed be not should batteries ion Lithium
cockpit. in started have could Fire cargo. as combustible highly are which batteries ion lithium terrible those carrying was Plane
everyone! luck Good disaster. major a for heading ship rudderless a are we - President no has States United the like almost It's
madness the skyrocketing-stop are Scotland in bills tourism.Electric killing and apart country your ripping are turbines Wind .@AlexSalmond
http://t.co/3xffLRSNhK #AskTheDonald- next the in answered questions your have to page Facebook my to over on Head
Dan Thanks @APHospital @billclinton @TrumpGolf @APinv @DanScavino
them. underestimate not do &amp; from coming they’re where Know wants. side other the what about think &amp; want you what Know Negotiation: Re
http://t.co/IBTN6JokyH fast! going &amp; great -- accessories shirts --ties @Macys out is line new Collection's Signature Trump J. Donald The
Champion a Like Think success.- facilitate to necessary techniques the of one are skills negotiation powerful &amp; itself in art an is Business
Touch Midas -- assets." on Focus assets. acquire or create to work They money. for work not do Touch Midas their develop who "Entrepreneurs
Cute! #trumpforpresident" House! White the renovate to you need We courses. golf renovating/creating stop Please @MissyCombs38 "
Einstein Albert -- longer." problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not "It's
Champion a Like Think -- world." today's in brevity appreciate People economize. to Learn immediately. essence the to "Get
Jobs Steve – do." you what love to is work great do to way only "The
economy! their destroying thereby ObamaCare to on sign Russia that demanding by Putin with problem the solve totally could Obama President
smart-cool! determination-be and strength with responds Obama that important is It Obama. President of advantage taking really is Putin Wow
them! do and awake stay others while accomplishments great of dream people Some
http://t.co/nxJkcDxZg1 you? won't Disney to go him helping I'm cancer. terminal has Trey old year 5
NYTimes. of Collins Gail frumpy is all of talented least the But bad. some &amp; great some good are that writers editorial many are There
autism! with millions for awareness raise will #LIUB 4/2. on blue world the light and @autismspeaks Join
Anonymous them.” do and awake stay others while accomplishments great of dream people “Some
Forbes Malcolm -- insight." is vision best "The
you! Thank 7. at week next back be will I deal. a on meeting breakfast big a have I that in morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox doing be won't I
job! great a done has White Dana City. Atlantic in Mahal Taj Trump the at fight them letting by way the opened I UFC the wanted nobody When
incompetent! - out her Check job. a have even to lucky so is Times York New The at writer editorial an Collins Gail dumb very and Frumpy
loved! Villa Player Gary weekend. last played Monster Blue The fair but difficult how enjoyed have must you champion true a As .@garyplayer
happen! will tuned stay mind- in plans bigger much have I won have would I race a State York New of Governor for running be won't I While
years. many in election major a won haven't they - dysfunctional totally is Party Republican State York New the of leadership top The
-SAD! unify can't They win. and Governor for run would I unify to able is Party Republican State York New the if that stated clearly have I
Aristotle -- habit." a but act an not is then Excellence do. repeatedly we what are "We
Ford Henry -- again." begin intelligently more to opportunity the only is Failure activities. his limits failure fears who "One
Thanks! @MauriceConcha
cute said they - fool a like looked He G. Zach with routine comedy so-called the did he when Obama President protected press the how AMAZING
dumb! so were They ($). millions worth case major a in me against up teamed who Harvard from lawyer a and Yale from lawyer a beat just I
USA. @Miss 8th. June Sunday on Pageant USA Miss the host will Louisiana Rouge Baton that announce to Show theToday did Just
http://t.co/WqurUItUJH Litigation Lauderdale Fort in Victorious Trump
#TIRNYC http://t.co/cMAV5TDlas 2013! in rentals top two the for @TrumpIntRealty to Congratulations
http://t.co/cMAV5TDlas month per $100000 = one Avenue—each Park Trump at were 2013 of all in rentals apartment highest two the Wow
Lincoln Abraham -- other." any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear "Always
Franklin Benjamin -- fail." to preparing are you prepare to failing "By
way! hard the out that finding is @AGSchneiderman right. I’m when way the all lawsuits taking love I
liable. are plaintiffs which for fees attorney in $’s of millions for sue now will I victory Lauderdale Ft. complete the With
Lauderdale. Ft. in me against lawsuit remorse buyer’s in victory total and complete a awarded jury A IN: JUST
Twain Mark -- started." getting is ahead getting of secret "The
Einstein Albert -- else." anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have "You
Thx. hope!" feel me makes It mentality. your in greatness American old that feel I because is you like I that reasons the of One "Rosechem1
Edison A. Thomas up."-- gave they when success to were they close how realize not did who people are failures life's of "Many
http://t.co/M5m5hGPfMe here: careers @TrumpCollection the out check can You enthusiasm? and drive passion Have
feat! easy year—no one in it built I reviews. rave getting is @TrumpDoral Monster Blue massive The
@FoxNews. and @BloombergNews to over switching I’m is news good lately—the @CNBC little very watching been I’ve
credibility. canceled—no be should poll Stupid well. as list @CNBC the off taken were people worthy Other
tubes. the down going are ratings @CNBC wonder No (Politics?) off. taken and place 9th in was I joke. a is poll 25 #CNBC The
played" ever I've course best "the is Monster Blue The me told He Doral. National Trump at winning for Reed Patrick to Congratulations
ENJOY! minutes). (10 7 at Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
easy!" was that course great a seen never "I've said Hogan Ben great The par. under one only are Doral National Trump at Leaders
YOU! THANK - it play and it see who all almost by "masterpiece" a considered being is Doral National Trump at Monster Blue built newly The
Palmer Arnold -- construction." under always is success to road "The
terrific! so was response there—the being enjoyed really I @CPACnews. and @AlCardenasACU to Congrats
Sasha! Thanks @sashamajerovsky
YOU! THANK - CPAC at speech received well most and best the was mine said attendees and reporters unbiased The
Obama! than Pres. better stated - CPAC for speech ovation) standing (&amp; only room standing my during Carter Jimmy to nice very was I Actually
stiff! President as alive was he thought never but sarcastic being Just T.V. on today him dead-saw is Carter Jimmy think don't I course Of
#TrumpToronto http://t.co/OtV7xuuFNv hotel. great city Great accolades. receive to continues Toronto Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump
Champion a Like Think -- luck." and work aptitude of combination a it's think I talent? natural a success business "Is
Champion a Like Think -- world." today's in brevity appreciate People economize. to Learn immediately. essence the to "Get
Player Gary thoughts."-- our by primarily course the on failure or success create "We
Touch --Midas experience." brand of consistency means also Predictability is. it valuable more the business the predictable more "The
#TrumpChicago http://t.co/3rqzqN0gJ9 World the in Views Room Hotel Best 12 the &amp; Traveler Elite
Ditka Mike -- trying." quit you until loser a never "You're
Billionaire. a Like Think -- results. through is people impress to way best The success. breeds Success
http://t.co/6RUAONpXH4 trumpdoral at Villa @TigerWoods the of opening The
me! to good sounds Charlie @CharlieRymerGC
Colleen! Thanks @colleencpa
endeavor. creative a is Business mind. open an keep allowed--and is complacency edge--no the on Live
up. give never will you work your about passionate you're If
stop. will momentum your stop you going--if keep to Remember
Thanks! world." the in wealthiest of list @Forbes making on Trump Mr. Congrats @realDonaldTrump ".@KirschnerDavid
Thanks. #DCBound" @realDonaldTrump &amp; @GovChristie is @CPACnews at Thrursday on speak hear to excited most am I people 2 The .@AustinKaiser52
oil! for drill to him for impossible it make will Agency Protection Environmental the because Alaska want doesn't Putin Actually
Alaska? seizes Putin when do will Obama think you do What
con! warming Global likewise. places Other degrees. 4 - history recorded long a in March in day coldest the for record a set just Baltimore
correct! 100% was Mitt scoffed. Obama problem. big the is Russia that OBAMA Pres. with debates the of one in stated strongly Romney .@Mitt
#1! easily I'm Actually ESPN. after #2 was Trump Donald one and N.Y. in "tweeters" influential most the named just Magazine York New
seen! they've best is it that agree statements-many nice your for Thanks Monster. Blue The play you having great was It .@JTimberlake
week! this Championship Golf World U.S. in resort best be soon will what opening Miami in be will I @TrumpDoral. for week exciting Very
night! last try Good talent. or imagination no absolutely has guy the - Lassner Andy of rid get should you Ellen @TheEllenShow
stumbling! and fumbling - night last good not was she but times numerous show her done Ellen liked always have I
talent! no absolutely no with guy a Lassner Andy dump should She terrible. was skit pizza The night. last insecure and awkward so was Ellen
#Oscars reading? he is What
#Oscars guy! nice also - choice good a is M.M.
#Oscars going! vibe strange really a had Sidney and Angelina
#Oscars. website! ObamaCare the of me remind they - Awards Academy years this of charge in Obama President Was
#Oscars production? this of charge in is hell the who - Night Amateur is This
AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #Oscars Awards Academy the the be cannot This
#Oscars sucked! Midler Bette production. bad Really - departed the to TRIBUTE the during applause allowed have should They
#Oscars night! bad really a having is himself for going else nothing has and Ellen through life his lives who Lassner Andy Little
#Oscars mildly! it put to better much was Garland Judy
#Oscars terrible! so - bullshit this take can I longer much how know don't I
#Oscars lines. her with time hard a having sadly is Ellen
#Oscars singing? this believe you Do
Emmys? the or #Oscars the - dishonest more is which and worse is Which
#Oscars happening be this can - kidding be must They
#Oscars sad! tonight-really reputations their ruining are people Certain
good! not is this - up things shake to just #Oscars the host should I
#Oscars terrible! Just
#Oscars me? just it is or boring this Is
#Oscars surgeon! plastic her sue should Kim terrible! was song last The far). (so Awards Academy the watching time hard real a having I'm
week big A (Cadillac). Championship Golf World the for arriving start World the in golfers best the as Miami in Doral National Trump at am I
"hot" longer no is party Oscar V.F. problem-his a has restaurants food bad of owner and Magazine Fair Vanity failing of Carter Graydon Sissy
fun! and interesting both be Will Beach. Palm in International Trump at Paul Rand with today golf playing be Will
U.S.! the screw to continue will they words other in yuan- the lower to intervened just has China
punches! pulling be not will I friends your all Tell night. Sunday on #Oscars2014 the tweeting live be will I demand popular(extremely) By
it! see @SonofGodMovie- movie fabulous a did @RealRomaDowney wife incredible his and .@MarkBurnettTV
Club. Golf International Trump Florida of State the in course golf rated one number the at Beach Palm in tomorrow golf playing be I'll
leadership! no - trouble big in is U.S. The game. the play to how know who people have don't we but us around apart falling is World The
loudly! laughs then and involved become not will they U.S. tells Russia - Ukraine in intervene to not Russia ro appealed has U.S. The
Harvard? &amp; Columbia into get he did hell the how then - HIGH" GOT and choices bad made seriously school take didn't "he stated just Obama
http://t.co/Hl2YGkrfLe Benghazi. on piece fantastic the for @AmSpec of Jr Tyrrell Emmett R. to Congrats
loser! a court—he’s the by decimated was U Trump against lawsuit phony @AGSchneiderman’s Lightweight
http://t.co/z2i22B7D21 RACISM! @AGSchneiderman white not but statements Huntley’s Shirley on based prison in are politicians Black
about!. worry to more plenty got He’s @AGSchneiderman. sleazebag to nice too far was @NewYorkObserver the think I
Benghazi. on piece fantastic the for @AmSpec of Jr Tyrrell Emmett R. to Congrats
warming! global as known formerly change climate on statements his for @krauthammer Charles to Congrats
investigation. the during contributions campaign for ask didn’t he that said once never has .@AGSchneiderman
http://t.co/z2i22B7D21 Huntley. Shirley w/ dealings his up bring not did @AGSchneiderman on article @NewYorkObserver the Disappointed
Huxley Aldous -- you." to happens what with do you what it's you; to happens what not is "Experience
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking &amp; possibilities &amp; opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep tip: Success
surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't tip: Success
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers tip: Success
career. political failing his for publicity get can he that so NY of out business driving is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
http://t.co/k61ryFURBH York. New for bad He’s crook. &amp; sleazebag a as him exposes really @AGSchneiderman about story Observer NY Wow
true! So business." solving problem the in "we're that me reminded always developer) a (also Dad My advice. Great @theBrianGentry
exciting! Very Ireland. Links Golf &amp; Hotel International Trump become Will Ireland. in @LodgeatDoonbeg fabulous on purchase final did Just
high! bar the Set them. on fixed remain goals your on decided you've Once tenacious. Be entrepreneurs: aspiring To
problem. the solution--not the at look to remember So day. every them have You'll problems. for ready Be entrepreneurs: aspiring To
reason. a for there are They instincts. your Trust entrepreneurs: aspiring To
day. single doing--every you're what into got you've everything Put goals. your Know focused! Be entrepreneurs: aspiring To
@CadillacChamp http://t.co/7mtup6zHP9 here: info the out Check Search. Model Trump the for register to Remember Models!
http://t.co/ecw1hjcd9w something. means really it you about nicely so writes “B” article--when fantastic on @marklevinshow Congrats
'39 since smallest it making budget military the of out hell the cut just have we U.S. the destroy to wanting and us hating World the With
AGO! LONG SO YOU TOLD I U.S. dumps Iraq spent trillions and killed many so Despite Iran. from weapons of worth $200000000 buying Iraq
http://t.co/5GlFlzUcuk article: Excellent do. you what at best the being on Focus great. being on focus Then brand? personal a Building
forward. moving everyone Keep team. winning a leading and victorious as yourself See momentum. your Keep Entrepreneurs:
mandatory. is yourself in believing So alone. this in all we're Sometimes side. your on be to anyone expect Don't Entrepreneurs:
charge. in be then charge in you're effort--if group a not is Leadership you. with starts Everything Entrepreneurs:
U.S.! from it dropping time same the at while World the throughout ObamaCare spreading by again great America make could We
Olympics-fourth. get to Europe to went Obama when Remember Olympics! the hosting in job great a did Russians the not or it like you Whether
ENJOY! minutes. 20 - A.M. 7 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be Will
ass? kicking start and around things turn we that time it Isn't embarrassment! Obama Olympics-another the in States United the beat Russia
Florida? in while behavior inappropriate very his for wife his to apologized has Coppins McKay reporter(blogger) dumb very that think you Do
beginning! very the at there been have to proud am I - job amazing an done have You - .@danawhite
you! loved crowd The event. Republican Mar-a-Lago setting record at night last you seeing Great .@AllenWest
Irving --Washington wishes." have others purposes; have minds "Great
Johnson Samuel perseverance."-- by but strength by not performed are works "Great
amazing! been have you support your of all for you Thank .@MichaelRCaputo
"Fired." be should you--you than Dutchess in success and jobs more far created I .@KieranLalor
thankful. be should @KieranLalor jobs. many plus success great a it made &amp; County Dutchess in club failed a took I
@willweatherford time. Miami--it's in casinos approving by jobs of thousands of tens create can .@FLGovScott
Lombardi Vince work.-- civilization a work society a work company a work team a makes what is effort group a to commitment Individual
http://t.co/q0qwxIxRkO @FLGovScott @willweatherford Miami. in gambling of favor in conclusively was Miami-Dade the of poll A
him? with up is hell the What eyeliner! wear does Schneiderman Eric General Attorney - thing one about right is Cuomo Governor
thx True bs!" w/his up u show to tries he after truce a call to pen a with punk this of nice how @mckaycoppins “@joerepublic1
you! like I Actually @ron_fournier
@BuzzFeed irrelevant &amp; failing on weekend this article insightful &amp; incredible his for @AmSpec Lord Jeffrey to you Thank
insane. Dems—is 3-1 against go primary—then a on money and energy time waste to Repubs State NY the For
@BuzzFeed irrelevant &amp; @mckaycoppins blogger sleazebag on piece written well &amp; analytical for @BreitbartNews Boyle Matt to you Thank
disaster. another be will November or unify must Party Republican State NY
unified. not is party if run won’t But 23%. to 77% primary Republican NY a in @RobAstorino swamp would I that shows polling Internal
revenue. and jobs of lots create and world in incredible—best be will Miami in Gaming @FLGovScott .@willweatherford
luck! their believe Miami—can’t of afraid FL—they’re in gaming approving not of stupidity at laughing are states Gaming .@FLGovScott
state. the for worse be could Florida”—nothing in gambling on dimming are lights “the that comments @willweatherford’s read I
way!” “no said I aboard. all killing #103 Am Pan up blew who Megrahi Al terrorist released he after support my sought .@AlexSalmond
star! morning—a this @TODAYshow the on fantastic was @eminofficial friend My
WILD. suit! a afford can't who bloggers moron by libeled get and people of thousands employ dollars of billions worth I'm crazy it Isn't
Smith. Ben dumb very the and @BuzzFeed of credibility remaining little the destroying of job great a did @AmSpec
sad! and irrelevant totally - credibility zero have They year? each loooose Smith Ben dumber even and @BuzzFeed dumb money much how wonder I
do? to want didn't he what do to Coppins minion his got probably who mess total a is @BuzzFeed of name?) last his really that (is Smith Ben
CONGRATS! @BuzzFeed. irrelevant for me about nonsense fabricated who Coppins blogger sleazebag the about @BreitbartNews in story Amazing
Ford Henry -- success." is together working progress; is together keeping beginning; a is together "Coming
@PiersMorgan reported. not speech &amp; crowds setting Record credibility. no with garbage true are @BuzzFeed &amp; Coppins McKay like Bloggers
@AmSpec Coppins.@PiersMorgan McKay reporter slimebag &amp; site @BuzzFeed rate third discrediting article great the for Lord Jeffrey you Thank
me...http://t.co/E2d1qAdAhm about article legitimate A
work didn't name first the because midstream names change wiseguys sucking dollar the let warming.Don't global changeit's climate not It's
them!! has already Pakistan and Korea North and Iran in weapons nuclear building are they that fact the of aware is Kerry John think you Do
Laughable change. climate is today all of weapon dangerous most the that stated just Kerry John State of Secretary - one this believe you Do
anymore! work to tag GW let not do FACTS the because CHANGE CLIMATE to name the changing with away get wiseguys WARMING GLOBAL the let Don't
7. at Monday Next morning. this Friends &amp; Fox doing be NOT will I holiday the to Due
misquote. total a it said Never @loveandgarbage
BAD! - terrorist the released have never should @AlexSalmond that stated only - disaster Lockerbie Am Pan the to farms wind equated never I
breakers! record all were N.Y. and Buffalo Hampshire New in events the that write to refused @mckaycoppins reporter discredited come How
buzzfeed irrelevant or him to referring when voice my in sarcasm the mention to refuses who reporter dishonest and failed a is @mckaycoppins
it! in sums large investing be will and it own I that now better get only will and planet the on places great the of One @LodgeatDoonbeg
night! at open is range driving new the Also business. fantastic doing is Doral National Trump at Course Golf Monster Blue new brand The
"hit" Trump boring &amp; foolish a wrote wife his or him about talking when sarcasm my understand doesn't who reporter a of slob dishonest A
day. single every alert and disciplined focused Be can. possibly you best the high--do bar the Set
Edison A. Thomas -- fun." all was It life. my in work day's a did never "I
@CadillacChamp the to forward looking now Opening Grand the at time Great fantastic. looks #BlueMonster @TrumpDoral's
guy! Great retiring. about mind his changes he that @Yankees with year fantastic a such has Jeter Derek that hope I
@AberdeenCC @AlexSalmond turbines. wind ugly bird-killing w/ coastline beautiful their destroy to smart too is government Irish The
turbines! wind ugly into looking be will no-one and - World the in best the of one be soon will Ireland in Ocean Atlantic the on club new My
respect! zero - States United the to down talks Karzai way the believe you Do
Dan. Thanks @DanScavino
achievement. great for catalyst the be can passion that Remember can. you as levels many as on count them make -- substance goals your Give
anyone? warming Global cold. freezing and snow from attack massive under is states southern the even country the of part big A
http://t.co/UJBjdbfkus http://t.co/ZiMh4Iy9vG #TrumpIreland @LodgeatDoonbeg Ireland in suites &amp; facility clubhouse Our
people! Wonderful Committee. County Republican NY &amp; Isaacs Dan by hosted Dinner Day Lincoln 2014 at speech keynote making Great
@AberdeenCC @AlexSalmond destroyed. be will country turbines wind killing bird obsolete of policy insane stop doesn’t Scotland If
@LodgeatDoonbeg phenomenal! be will It club. new my at looking Ireland in are Eric and Don sons My
Lincoln Abraham -- other." any than important more is succeed to resolution own your that mind in bear "Always
Edison A. Thomas -- ourselves." astound literally would we of capable are we things the all did we "If
Champion a Like Think -- beginning." the just is Today important. is that something on short yourself sell "Don't
election? an before law the change summarily Obama does why then law wonderful a such is ObamaCare If
http://t.co/1F2n7AB7MR @TrumpChicago than City Windy the in Day Patrick's St. celebrate to place better No special! it Make
http://t.co/jUm2idYrWC recovering" economy Ireland’s shows investment says Billionaire resort: Doonbeg for plans big out lays "Trump
it! like nothing be will There Ireland. in Doonbeg at now right are Eric and Don sons My
@LodgeatDoonbeg soon. there be I'll -- Doonbeg of purchase my about great so been have Ireland of people The
@sacbee_news via http://t.co/EW89uqNXV2 Reviews” Rave To Opens Course #BlueMonster Championship “Trump's
about! talk to Lots Dinner. Day Lincoln County York New the at tonight crowd setting record the addressing to forward Looking
http://t.co/RNiCQTitXW spot! top a be will Ireland--- in purchase Great
Big Think – stop.” will momentum your stop you if going: keep to “Remember
http://t.co/ezK3NiFpIx amenities Trump featuring rise high luxurious most Connecticut’s is Stamford Trump skyline NYC's of views W/
Champion a Like Think - work." to chance a it give so - business your in and life your in play to part a has "Destiny
Island! Staten of people the love I speeches. in point major a it made I because tolls Bridge Verrazano the cut only Cuomo Governor
scam! total a is it "twitter" my on loss weight celebrity about talking someone see you Anytime
thanks! and True @dualheadedeagle
Kasey! Thanks @K_Swisher69
ENJOY! A.M. 7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox Doing
enough nearly not but lowered got unfair-just and high too far are Island Staten to tolls bridge the that months three for saying been I've
school! great asked-a nobody But @WesleyCooler3
http://t.co/zqXwPev4oo Monster” Blue Doral's reopens Trump “Donald @BKleinGolfweek: by @GolfweekMag Via
http://t.co/T3dksYCTS4 Casa Fendi by designed interiors loft-inspired features @TrumpSoHo York New downtown above stories 46
Champion a Like Think - positive." remain and creative be patient be resilient be so cyclical are things that "Remember
@nytimescollins irrelevant! totally is She job? her keep Collins Gail writer editorial @nytimes read little &amp; frumpy does How
there. it keep and winning-- on mind your Set strong. and positive Be liability. a be to attitude your allow Never
power. than more persuasion is It Negotiation:
Champion a Like Think setbacks." or mistakes of afraid be Don’t learn. will you and – learn to willing be strong be tough be "Just
Jobs Steve follower."-- a and leader a between distinguishes "Innovation
Franklin Benjamin interest."-- best the pays knowledge in investment "An
REVIEWS! GREAT COURSE GREAT ceremony. cutting ribbon a with Doral National Trump at tomorrow opens officially Course Golf Monster Blue The
DISASTER! number. million 2.5 by shocked are Dems even - jobs in drop scale large cause to projected ObamaCare - in just Wow
taxes? lower on focus to begin and things "STUPID" truly other many so and warming global on money wasting stop country our will When
$$$$ CHANGE! CLIMATE to name changed hoaxsters WARMING GLOBAL that Smart U.S. in temperatures freezing and snowstorm setting record Massive
Touch Midas - others." for well-being and security jobs is world the to gift important most entrepreneur's an that "Realize
laws. our breaking by country our into came who people not workers American about worried be should Congress
consequences. have Elections http://t.co/CHG5fhA2Q5 ObamaCare to due lost be will jobs 2.3M over estimates CBO
Killer Job http://t.co/CHG5fhA2Q5 ObamaCare to due lost hours working of estimate its TRIPLED has CBO Dems. and Pres.Obama to Congrats
http://t.co/ffCeyI1fuv wines quality produce to techniques gentle uses @trumpwinery VA in wine rated highest @WineEnthusiast’s
http://t.co/VqIHPmpFSx DC Washington Int'l Trump destination iconic an into transformed fully be will Office Post Old the 2016 In
Champion a Like Think - them." underestimate not Do powers. of combination formidable a are prescience and knowledge "Experience
Edison A. time.--Thomas more one just try to always is succeed to way certain most The up. giving in lies weakness greatest Our
@ScotParl @Aberdeenshire @David_Cameron @AberdeenCC @AlexSalmond http://t.co/aQAO9zGuNZ disaster…. economic complete a is energy Wind
http://t.co/AbDOSrzAZo hotel! spectacular a be to going It’s 2016. in @TrumpCollection the joins Janeiro de Rio
Pasteur Louis mind."-- prepared the favors "Chance
interviews. major for tie a and suit a Wear times. all at it like dress should He World. Free the of leader the is U.S. the of President The
there! you See http://t.co/887inAZsUg @TrumpDoral to returns @CadillacChamp the when 6th March on Miami to comes @PGATOUR The
warming. global some use could We economy. the for bad be Will cold. freezing the of because soar prices commodity Watch
year. next tough back come and it about forget home go to is advice day--my bad truly a had @Broncos The
http://t.co/sAauccnF2b business” and family talks “@IvankaTrump @MiamiHerald: Via
furious! be must advertisers The history. in Bowl Super worst was-the that game terrible a what buildup the of all after over get can't I
watch. to Hard Denver! team one by played ever game football worst the be may This
Bowl! Super the Enjoy
http://t.co/KYNFhgoQDA University: Trump re decision full Judge's the for website the to Go
http://t.co/pd5tRocvwq UNIVERSITY TRUMP OF FAVOR IN FINDS COURT
Roosevelt Theodore - softly." hit never but avoided; be can it if all at hit not Do hitting. soft is crime unforgivable "The
fight! and settling Stop ass. @AGSchneiderman’s lightweight kicking love Dimon—I Jamie To
Trump! by kicked ass his got just @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
212.867.4466. at Esquire Goldman Jeff or 212.836.3203 at Esquire Garten Alan call victory University Trump on information For
news! the got @AGSchneiderman--just lightweight against case University Trump the in victory Wow--tremendous
Thanks. Trump." Mr. book great - it read I True. @realDonaldTrump @WealthyJACK "
http://t.co/LBRxofvpUE Himself Card: Trump Donald's Street--The The from Article
wait. Can't crowd! Record tonight. Reception Leadership Lincoln County Erie @NickLangworthy’s by hosted being to forward Looking
@Raffasolaries ashamed. be should government Italian The anyone. kill didn’t He convicted. unfairly was Sollecito Raffaele
@CPACnews @ACUConservative http://t.co/ndY373ljGA #CPAC2014" AT SPEAK TO CONFIRMED TRUMP DONALD - "EXCLUSIVE mboyle1: by @BreitbartNews Via
Aristotle -- achieve." to him for possible is it highest the is individual each for choice best the is what "For
http://t.co/BVfjkJzmfb guy! great a hello- say to office my by stopped .@IamStevenT
Touch Midas – financeable.” and predictable expandable leverageable is it that so start the from business your “Design
Billionaire a Like Think – results.” through is people impress to way best The success. breeds “Success
country. the into Democrats Allowing Congress. through amnesty push to want they Now suicidal? Republicans Are
crime. increase also Will rights. Amendment 2nd on attack unconstitutional an is Act SAFE NY The
it.” keep can you healthcare your like you “if as factual as about Sure fact.” a is warming “global that SOTU his in said Obama
http://t.co/7UM8bjFITi 2016 in open to set hotel @TrumpCollection American South first our Janeiro de Rio Trump announce to Excited
anyone? Warming Global freezing- Florida of parts and Texas Atlanta with history in spells cold prolonged most and worst the of one With
ABC? by canned got Center-then Trade World the destroyed who terrorists disgusting the praised openly Maher Bill "comedian" when Remember
past! his at look just guy dumb a really is night other the of glimpse accidental an got I who Maher Bill comedian Failing
http://t.co/NaZv7RLJgO . @TrumpDoral at Villa @GaryPlayer the of opening the at conference Press
http://t.co/9hlTb2hbnj @TrumpDoral- at Villa @GaryPlayer the of opening the at @EricTrump and @IvankaTrump With
Twain Mark - it.” deserves it when government your and time the all country your supporting is “Patriotism
killer! Job care. worse &amp; deductibles bigger premiums higher expect 2014 after conveniently NY in enacted fully is ObamaCare Once
Champion a Like Think - will?" think you do who yourself about things great say can't you "If
together. year great a have to going are We followers. my all to Thanks @twitter. on followers 2.5M pass just to honored Wow
parent! Great Deal. the of Art The book first his son his bought who father new a from letter wonderful a received Just
@boonepickens - States.” United the in is world the in gas natural cheapest “The
day! another be always will there and business only it’s Remember negotiations. during door the at ego your leave Always
priority? top a really this is problems world's the all With http://t.co/MAjV6J8acP franchise @Redskins attacking is UN the Now
ObamaCare. of because industry insurance health US entire the downgraded just Moody’s reality! new the to Welcome
Trump! voting for Thanks vvhttp://cnb.cx/1fi8fO5 Rebels” and Icons Leaders “Top @CNBC’s on support your for everyone to Thanks
Monster! Blue the battle world the of golfers top Watch http://t.co/887inAZsUg 6th March on @TrumpDoral to returns @CadillacChamp The
show! fantastic guys great (ESPN)—two Morning the in @MikeAndMike on being great was It
minute! one in Mike &amp; Mike
Care! Obama sports-no and Bowl Super talking be will We A.M. 7 to 6 about ESPN-at and radio on Show Mike &amp; Mike the on be will I
nonsense. this hearing of tired am I bullshit! warming) (global change climate old same the not - air healthy and beautiful clean me Give
flow! $ keep to change climate to name the change to forced were HOAXSTERS warming global the that long so for cold so been has weather The
hoax! expensive an is warming Global beyond. and country the throughout temperatures freezing setting record Louisiana and Texas in Snowing
Warhol A. art." best the is business good &amp; art is working &amp; art is money art.Making of kind fascinating most the is business in good "Being
leverage. ultimate the is Brainpower hand. in hand go can control and Creativity
Einstein Albert -- longer." problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not "It's
work? doesn't that incentive tax a for endlessly played being is that commercial T.V. obnoxious that on spending State York New is much How
back! magic get to fast move must - momentum and vision both lost has Apple - grave his in spinning is Jobs Steve
stock Apple my sold I Samsung. like screen iPhone larger a of option the give to refusal dumb their on based fall stock Apple's predicted I
better. much size Samsung's ago)! long said I (as fast alternative as screen larger a to go must short-they way fell sales iPhone Apple's
Edison A. Thomas waits.-- he while hustles who him to comes Everything
crushed. get or organized get either You losers. for it's And costly. It's fatal. It's bliss. not is ignorance entrepreneurs For
achievement. great for catalyst the be can and momentum great gives Passion
can. you as levels many as on count them Make monetary. the exceeds that value a with them Imbue substance. goals your Give
U.S. the with toying is Karzai leader called so Afghanistan's
Enjoy! - 7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
fast! move better we and no is answer The leadership. incompetent with survive to continue can country great once our believe really you Do
$$$$! it believe don't They planet! our save to taxes higher justify to HOAXSTERS WARMING GLOBAL the by used are events weather all and Any
HOAX? WARMING GLOBAL the on money spending still country our Is years. in weather coldest - freeze great the it called just News NBC
detail. every to attention paying means form--which art an as work your See job. the for mindset right the Have
opportunities. profitable find will you when That’s focused. more even be must you difficult are times When
http://t.co/OFw93jXH6G @pressjournal @AberdeenCC @David_Cameron Scotland. destroy you before @AlexSalmond up Wake WSJ. via
@ApprenticeNBC! for soon coming announcement cast big a asking been have who those of all For
http://t.co/sjCLlGacDM landmark true a is wall curtain glass Tower’s World Trump York New midtown over stories 90
guy. great a and champion a is Gary http://t.co/ajkUZlYqbg Villa Player Gary new the unveiling @TrumpDoral at yesterday day Great
Trump! Vote http://t.co/yjh6BrhqCP @CNBC by Rebels” and Icons Leaders “Top business’s of one as named be to Honored
Einstein Albert else." anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have "You
Champion a Like Think -- yourself." on up give never to important It's favor. your in turn to going is tide the when know never "You
http://t.co/cPu79OJRlI Eggs &amp; Politics @nhiop &amp; @NECouncil for @saintanselm to visit my on @jdistaso by piece @UnionLeader Great
GREAT! IS GARY Miami. Doral Nationak Trump at VILLA PLAYER GARY magnificent the opening ceremony A.M. 11 the for Beach Palm leaving be Will
risks. taking and doing by learn doing: the in is proof The them. meet and standards high Set
http://t.co/eO9ei1njWv me! by decision great truly a -- @MELANIATRUMP wife wonderful my to Anniversary Happy
themselves. prove to way another just as problems see Winners energy. wasted of lot a from me saved problems expect to Learning
Ditka Mike - trying.” quit you until loser a never “You're
http://t.co/qErjUHyUlH debt our of number record a controls now China Change! &amp; Hope
http://t.co/0wen0kBnOJ here stream Live @nhiop. &amp; @NECouncil by co-hosted @saintanselm Eggs &amp; Politics tomorrow’s for Excited
going. all it keeps Momentum work. hard and focus passion simple: is answer the and success my to secret the me ask often People
Ford Henry right." can't--you're you think or can you think you "Whether
http://t.co/tyD2AJfpry (cont) Harbor Pearl of bombing Japanese the with started that II War World of years 1/2 3 the During Now! vs. WWII
violence--really! gun major w/ movies makes but guns against is Capital Colony to company his lost who Weinstein Harvey producer Movie
7.00 at Friends &amp; Fox
TOUCH! COMMON BEAUTIFUL AND HEART WARM HEAD COOL A have to good always is it successful really be To
http://t.co/LU6CDh7VTD City Queen the to amenities world-class famous our with along luxury opulent brings @TrumpTO Street Bay over Rising
friends. new making to forward Looking ever. crowd largest the is Eggs &amp; Politics @saintanselm Tuesday’s next that that heard just Wow
together! act their get to got They've mission. suicide State York New another on intent are like I who @RobAstorino and @EdwardFCox
intensity. and passion with goal specific a on focus first must you momentum get To
top. at--the staying to--and getting time hard a have you'll instincts Without reason. a for there are They instincts. your Trust
Jordan Michael - championships.” wins intelligence and teamwork but games wins “Talent
around. things turn can he Hopefully victories. abysmal--no is record Cox’s Ed leader @NewYorkGOP
http://t.co/mBJwc4IrDr prevented” been have could “Benghazi concludes Senate
on. lives legacy Andrew’s reporting! investigative and political on limits the push to continues @BreitbartNews
#NHPolitics Manchester! in you See Tuesday. next Eggs &amp; Politics for @saintanselm by hosted being to forward Looking
http://t.co/btYirBJLLB Revolution?” @realDonaldTrump the now… And Revolution. Reagan “The Lord: Jeffrey @AmSpec's by article Great
loser. total a is Schneiderman easily. one that wins –Cuomo @NYGovCuomo with fighting is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
eyeliner? wear Eric Does http://t.co/U6K93DNL05 @AGSchneiderman lightweight about NYTimes of page front on story Terrible
http://t.co/Gbsvaf6N0p Weekly Estate Real respected highly the in story the enjoy you Hope
checks. reality thinking--with positive Practice winner. a like think winner a be To
budget! over billions and late years is and headquarters new their building dollars billion $3.5 spent has Security Homeland of Department
money! them sending start will States United the that doubt no there's do we if because planet another on life find never we hope I
show! the at you see Ted Thanks @tedbishop38pga
appreciated! much Very me. on story wonderful the for WEEKLY ESTATE REAL of @JPappasPR. person and writer great a thank to like would I
Wooden John - character.” takes repeat to talent takes “Winning
backwards. none--only is There years? three last the over York New of state the in progress the is Where
Obama with agreement its breaking already is Iran delay? the is What bill. sanctions Iranian the on vote immediately should Senate The
sued). (and ashamed be should Publisher inaccuracies. and falsehoods with filled is Ailes Roger on book Sherman’s Gabriel
training. spring from banned be should He nowhere. going is agreement arbitration binding a overturn to trying lawsuit A-Rod’s
WEAKNESS-SAD! written. been have never should press the by ridiculed badly so being is which Republicans to letter Cox Ed The @NewYorkGOP
agreement? confidentiality a sign othersto and him get Obama didn't Why truck! a by hit got he like looks - @seanhannity on Gates Watching
shot! decent last your is This fast. and - winning of culture a to losing of culture a from change must Republicans York New @NewYorkGOP
Momentum! day. single alert--every and persistent Be problem. the not solution the on Focus immediately. negativity Zap positively. Think
expert. an Be doing. you're what about can you everything Learn directed. well it's sure make but passion need you success great For
doing... at best you're what and you for best is what out find to enough yourself Trust do. to love you what out Find success: for #1
adaptable. remain you sure formula--make fittest the of survival the of part is Resilience
start. good a is Deal the of Art The suggestions?" Any friend. a for books your of one buy to Want admirer. time long @cmo626
fortune! a saved have would They arbitration. with bothered even not ago long A-Rod dropped have should Yankees
http://t.co/UnzMbVodMo history- #GoldenGlobes in speech Best
clear. made be will unnecessary what's and necessary what's Do patterns. fixed on not goals your on Focus
feet. your off you knock to them allow Don't life. and business of part inevitable an are setbacks &amp; mistakes difficulties that Understand
doors. new open to use and on capitalize can you that developments new Recognize it. embrace and change Anticipate
businessman. great a need we No @jglenstevens
faults. no have and perfect too myself consider I @Helena_Torry
enjoy! you hope - minutes few a in Friends &amp; Fox doing be Will
Fame! of Hall Baseball the into Rose Pete let to time is it that again realized I A-Rod is that story horror the about all watching After
thanks! - happen will what know they because it use to afraid all are They @rodstowell73
decisively! and fast move must Leadership this. for excuse no is there and lose to conditioned been has York New of Party Republican The
disasters! current of sorts all discussing be Will 7.00. at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox doing be will I
rats. hate I Personally dude! disloyal one be to out turned Gates Bob not or Obama like you Whether
ACCUMULATE! ENEMIES BUT GO AND COME FRIENDS life in sometimes and politics In
fired? be to going them hired who person the is incompetence obvious for terminated been has contractor website ObamaCare the that Now
damages! for them Sue place? first the in hired they were why is question My builder. website ObamaCare the fired just Obama President
SEE! GO midnight. 'till open is which range driving new great Also Miami. - Doral National Trump at opened just Monster Blue new brand The
zone. comfort your beyond play to exercise--learn mind a are Problems problems. your not goals your on Focus
business. good That's personally. things take don't but personable be smart be tough Be
Thx Country." this for Pres best the be would He #Trump2016 "Respect" tweet. my to responded Trump Donald believe can't still I "_xx_justme
today? healthcare their lost have people many How Thursday. It’s
http://t.co/py6BxSRvPr SNL. hosted I when Hammond Darrell With #TBT
soon. come to announcements new Many pace. record a at internationally expand to continues Organization Trump The
http://t.co/anamGuDUrE options dining star 5 has but hotel star 5 a only not is @TrumpChicago buildings tallest world's the of One
http://t.co/IjvE8KgvFG Boom” Building Post-Olympic For Rio In Towers Huge Plans Trump “Donald @foxnewslatino: Via
14th.... June is birthday My Apprentice. The of birthday 10th the actually it’s but greetings Birthday Happy the for everybody Thanks
http://t.co/DtI4kmItVm (cont) Westminster blaming stopped up manned Salmond Alex time it’s and Scotland in duck dead a is wind “Offshore
missed. be will she woman spectacular A her. knew who all to devastating is Spear Monica Venezuela Miss beautiful our about news The
fight! good the up Keep person. wonderful and leader spiritual true a - greats all-time the of One @Paula_White
amazing! are they - arrived just selections New thanks! suits and shirts ties with @Macys year GREAT a had We
flies! time How history. television in hits biggest the of one Apprentice the of anniversary year 10 the is Tomorrow
disasters! been always have etc. Iraq is fact The Obama? by told being was he what about unhappy so was he if resign Gates didn’t Why
boss. his about book negative serving self a writes Gates) (Robert someone when it hate I Obama President of critic a am I While
made! is change the when know me Let better. much was it me Believe preparation. and menu original your to back go @21Club Please
success. for route best the plan then fieldand your in people best the study achieve to want you what precisely Know goals. your Identify
worth. net your expanding you're time same the at horizons your expanding by big think to Remember
it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't times. all at forward move Achievers
Big Think - pass." will It road. the in bump a just is It happens. bad something when even confident "Stay
great! is Brett @SpecialReport. anchor the as anniversary year five his on @BretBaier to Congratulations
27th. Jan. on Beach Palm West Int'l Trump at Tournament” Golf 2014 Majority “House @FloridaGOP the hosting to forward Looking
anyone? WARMING GLOBAL this. like anything remember never people decades-most two than more in weather coldest the experiencing are We
level. highest the at do can you what show to opportunity an is day unique.Every be to afraid be Don't it. with stick &amp; vision own your Have
assemble. they teams the determine leaders Great people. right the for magnet a be you'll and example the Set Entrepreneurs:
stupid! So that. said have not should he but shouldn’t We Iraq. to back go not would we said Kerry State of Sec
sad. control—so all losing government with disaster total a is Iraq true-- came just predictions my of one Another
http://t.co/ydotdDWcDs Hampshire” New Visit To “Trump @zekejmiller: by @TIMEPolitics Via
http://t.co/FDv4aLoomz Facebook- on million a hit Just
year the of events equestrian important most the of one Invitational Trump the for today Mar-a-Lago at are riders great world's the of Most
Laureate Poet former Strand Mark - now.” beginning always is future “The
it?! need you when Warming Global is Where country. the throughout temps freezing &amp; snowfall Record
http://t.co/W2Lru0takZ surgery for approval get to company w/insurance hold on hours 2 spent Doctor – reality ObamaCare new the to Welcome
http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU views Ocean Pacific magnificent with country the in course public top the is @TrumpGolfLA
http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 today one Support campaigns. great has @fundanything
http://t.co/88bgcAfLX8 Brazil" Corporate Olympics: After Builders Rio Helps "Trump Millard: Peter by @BloombergNews Via
success. of element important an is &amp; maintain to at work to have you something is working--momentum you're when tempo a develop to Try
beginning. new a is Learning horizons. your expanding to devoted be should day your of part regular A
Thoreau David endeavor.--Henry conscious by life his elevate to man of ability unquestionable the than fact encouraging more no of know I
Tzu Sun - attack.” the in victory of possibility the defence; the in lies “Invincibility
spy. a as him Treat Moscow. from clemency for begging is he Instead justice. face and America to back come should Snowden
it. end catastrophe--or ObamaCare the out straighten to Washington to back get &amp; early vacation his end should Obama President 2. Jan. It's
Big Think - life." modern in achievements great the all forged has that force driving the is big "Thinking
opportunities. for looking when mind in that Keep present. the beyond look respects--they some in visionaries are Entrepreneurs
http://t.co/5jKwZzRuJE luxury elite offers @TrumpNewYork restaurant Diamond 5 &amp; Star 5 a with hotel Diamond 5 &amp; Star 5 Forbes only The
ice in stuck are scientists GW our tempsand low record freezing is planet Our stop. to got has bullshit WARMING GLOBAL expensive very This
it! of most the make - life your of rest the of day first the is Today
Year! New healthy and successful happy a Have
ITSELF! OF CARE TAKE WILL UPSIDE THE AND DOWNSIDE THE PROTECT life even and finance money to comes it When
everyone! Year New Happy family. and friends with NYE celebrate and fun have to sure Make
@BradPaisley — one.” good a Write book. 365-page a of page blank first the is “Tomorrow
http://t.co/zV0y7vXm6S @VeuveClicquot &amp; w/SoHi Party Eve Year's New exclusive most NYC's -- soireé NYE @TrumpSoHo's 2014 in Bring
ever! year best your it make to 2014 in make will you moves the contemplating 2013 of day last your Spend
lost! was credibility and working longer no was WARMING GLOBAL when CHANGE CLIMATE to WARMING GLOBAL from name the changed artists con The
job con total stuck-a are scientists G.W. the and building is ice the freezing is planet The WARMING. GLOBAL with on going is hell the What
deals. making start you when is reputation your build to time crucial most The trustworthy. &amp; resolute tough be – Entrepreneurs
Hagen Walter - second.” in came who remembers one “No
Touch Midas - experience.” brand of consistency means also Predictability is. it valuable more the business the predictable more “The
game. exciting very yesterday's on @nyjets and @woodyjohnson4 to Congratulations
basis. daily a on informed well being by focus your Keep doing. you're what about can you everything bases--know your Cover
hit. times hard if/when check in kept be will equilibrium your and catastrophe?" a it is or blip a this "Is yourself Ask
them. for prepared you're if out them ride can you but downs and ups of lot a are There focused. be tough Be
in! iced folks warming Global area. large in chill wind with zero below degrees 50 country. the of parts many in lows record at Temperature
do! we all in VICTORY total and complete have will we that do we if - before never like focus will we Year New upcoming the In
EVER BEST it make we Washington in made being decisions stupid many so despite that important really is YEAR-It NEW the on up coming We're
solution-FAME! a simple too is that and fun much too having are ship-they the off airlifted be to want don't scientists warming global The
hoax! total WARMING-a GLOBAL closing business and expensive air-not beautiful and clean on focused be should We
IRONIC! record). (a massive is ice back-the turned has scientists WARMING GLOBAL the of ship the free to trying icebreaker rescue The
today. Miami in Doral National Trump at contractors with working be Will
now legacy his Protect love. with made are statements my of all Africa South of people the and Mandela Nelson of fan major a As @ProudlySA
http://t.co/yEAhDUaA25 charities." area 90 benefit will Invitational Trump jumpers: equestrian top host to "Mar-a-Lago @shinysheet: Via
Champion a Like Think - impression." bad a leave only will thoughtlessness and planning poor to due time people's other Wasting time. on "Be
cold and ice massive of because icebreaker their on stuck got Antarctica in WARMING GLOBAL studying scientists the that bad too really is It
http://t.co/PnqXWj2v4h somewhere. going helicopter my on Walters Barbara With #TBT
http://t.co/1yHFiYy82v Rockefeller.” Nelson conservative The Trump? “Governor article lovely the for Lord Jeffrey &amp; @AmSpec to you Thank
http://t.co/CboysyMnza Celebration Soiree Cirque elegant &amp; chic the for @TrumpChicago Join City? Windy the in Eve Year's New Celebrating
Billionaire a Like Think impression."- bad a leave only will planning poor to due time people's other Wasting homework. your "Do
victory! total for hard -push defeat accept focus-never focus Focus life. of wars the to back go all can we now over is Christmas O.K.
victory! to on go &amp; out it ride will you that remember seem may things tough how matter No Christmas! FANTASTIC a having is everybody hope I
much! so him like I why explains probably which me like much very man humble a is Pope new The
day! amazing an have Christmas Merry
anything! have don't you energy without and energy have don't you passion Without
Bird Larry - sounds.” buzzer final the until inch an give Don't again. and again yourself “Push
tolls? $25 project. this on $10B than more spending up end will Cuomo Gov Unfortunately peanuts. for Bridge Zee Tappan existing fix could I
Year. New Happy and Christmas Merry very enemies--a many my even friends--and my of all wish to like I'd
haphazard. be should focused--nothing totally Be doing. you're what into got you've everything Put Entrepreneurs:
responsible. you're happen doesn't it If responsible. you're happens Whatever Entrepreneurs:
up. giving never means victorious--which as yourself See tenacious. be all above but talent and skills your Apply Entrepreneurs:
WAY! THAT CHEAPER MUCH IS IT - OWN YOUR NOT MISTAKES PEOPLES OTHER FROM LEARN TO TRY ALWAYS
MAKE! DON'T YOU ONES THE ARE INVESTMENTS BEST YOUR SOMETIMES
experience! your from learn just back look Never disaster. a be to out turned have would it done you had that something do not ever you Did
you. with starts charge--everything in You're effort. group a not is entrepreneur an being that Realize
begins. innovation where ideas--that's new to open Keep day. every them have problems--you'll for ready Be Entrepreneurs:
up! give never and focus Then succeed. to it about passionate be to have love--you you that work Find @TSeay18
Thanks. year" new happy &amp; Christmas Merry wisdom. of words your love @realDonaldTrump @ZootmanTom "
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look #3.
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep #2.
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking and possibilities and opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep #1.
enjoy! you hope - 7.00 at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
FIRED! is Justine @AidForAfrica. support will I fair! or nice Not crazy? you are doing you are hell the what Justine #HasJustineLandedYet-
Year. New and Christmas fantastic a Have McCarver! Tim with interview GREAT @HerschelWalker
Tim! and Herschel to Congrats watching. from learned be can fantastic-much was Show McCarver Tim The on interview Walker Herschel The
protection for gun a have to lucky be would you Jersey New and York New in especially on going epidemic carjacking dangerous very the With
range. driving spectacular the and MONSTER BLUE opened just and new brand the out check to today Miami in Doral National Trump to going am I
terrorist! the released @AlexSalmond people. innocent 270 killing terrorist a by downed was 103 flight Am Pan that today ago years 25 was It
GET! YOU LUCKIER THE WORK YOU HARDER THE Remember
@SOFLAGOLF! love I WORLD. the in 10 top Golf-especially Florida South in Monster Blue The of review GREAT the for you thank Fernando
http://t.co/sBlOY0JxmJ it- made question your if See #AskTheDonald. of round latest the in questions your answering fun of lot a had I
will. else one no yourself in believe don't you If
angry. he's wonder Douglas--no by screwed got brother Durst's Douglas think I Personally
Nast? Conde with lease a of out get to Tower Freedom the use to allowed Durst Douglas is Why .@AGSchneiderman
designed. has he buildings with problems many had has architect overrated highly a .@Richard_Meier
@TrumpWaikiki. hotel top Hawaii’s at relax to welcomed than more are vacation $4M Obama’s from break on members Service Secret
at! looked being is he immediately--because disbanded be to Commission Moreland the for pushing is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
disaster. a What again. down went just website ObamaCare folks--the what Guess
talent. your use to opportunity new a is change Every successful. be never will you then situations new to adapt can’t you If
Ruth Babe - run.” home next the to closer me brings strike “Every
http://t.co/G4ZBtjUkgW Scrooge? Ebenezer and me with stuff rap this with What's
ObamaCare? of because today doctors their lost and plans their off forced been have people many How Friday. It’s
http://t.co/Fz5o9BGngZ courses. golf great country's the of one features course 72 par yd 7693 Valley's Hudson National Trump
http://t.co/7sLx4k35Z1 @Trump_Charlotte at season Christmas first the enjoying are staff &amp; members celebrations holiday with Packed
http://t.co/fogCH2mx2c style. cosmopolitan elegant in furnished suites &amp; rooms guest 261 has @TrumpTO hotel #1 Toronto's Rated
desperate are They ObamaCare! of concept) (and sustainability the to blow major a policies health canceled for penalty relaxes House White
is! there feeling sweetest VICTORY-the to forward push and mistakes your from Learn matter. doesn't it times three twice once fail you If
Rockne Knute - points.” strong your become they until weaknesses your up “Build
again! strikes @JamesOKeefeIII http://t.co/o3cUA4gYzR Administration” Like Lie To Applicants Tell “Navigators Story: Horror ObamaCare
monstrosity. this of b/c insured be will less is Reality http://t.co/U1Du47apAs ObamaCare hate uninsured of 57% Americans. fool Can’t
Focus! prospects. business your of top on stay to not excuse no is that but here is season Holiday the – Entrepreneurs Young
http://t.co/Cv5n5PFDIj Street.” “The from Monster Blue the about article nice really A
#SaveSaeed ‘diplomacy.’ Obama’s on indictment an is Iran by imprisoned is Saeed Pastor day Every
Aloha! Christmas. on families from away Service Secret putting Hawaii ‘native’ his in vacation day 17 a on embark to about is Obama Pres.
Sad! benefits. military cuts budget new the yet OBAMACARE TO CUT SINGLE A NOT &amp; stamps food to cuts no welfare to cuts No
http://t.co/gdyk6Eylai John. Elton friend my from lessons piano Taking #TBT
win. will I do I If Governor. for run to me for wrote &amp; called office my to came who Repubs State NY great the all by honored so am I
pleasant! be won’t Results suicide. political into @RobAstorino friend my pushing is @EdwardFCox leader Republican York New
Trump)! loves @Macys (and them love people - numbers big really doing are they but @Macys etc. ties my about Enough
governor! for Dems 1 to 2 the and Cuomo beating of chance ZERO has he Sadly guy. good really and friend a He's Astorino. Rob like I
BEST THE ONLY price! great style present.Great holiday or Christmas a as cufflinks and suits shirts ties Trump buy and today Macy's to Go
phoney.ARRESTED total and man con proven a is government the for CHANGE CLIMATE up headed who man the Beale John that is story coolest The
challenge! next the embrace quickly and on Move setback. a after waste you time more the yourself for sorry feeling spend you time more The
#TrumpTower Fun! NYC-- in attraction tourist #1 people. great with packed is atrium--it Tower Trump the left just I
BREAD. MAN’S POOR THE IS HOPE remember: work to want don’t &amp; easy is life think that those of all For
healthcare. our destroying that's monstrosity unsustainable an It's ObamaCare. repeal must Repubs first but important are Alternatives
@Macys. available exclusively design &amp; style Great entrepreneurs. young for design menswear best the is Collection Signature Trump The
Billionaire a Like Think – business.” of aspects all in – best the be better you’d best the want you “If
election '84 debate/ Mondale 2nd for prep during Reagan Pres. to Ailes ”-Roger ignore. or sell counterattack defend attack can “You
up! give ever never people Successful quitter. a was that person successful a met never have I
GREATEST! the are you Regis @regis
here. is renaissance economic Our it. on depends prosperity American FAST!!! FRACK &amp; NOW FRACK
administration. Obama the to Congratulations http://t.co/2511unQf1I jihadists for center training blown full a now is Benghazi
http://t.co/P7UtsNR8B5 @TrumpDoral at Trump Donald 2013": of @GolfweekPhotos "Best @GolfweekMag's
http://t.co/zNGTuhJat6 ObamaCare” of B/C Treatment During Insurance Loses Patient Cancer “Florida Day: the of Story ObamaCare
studios?! these in on going is What garbage. after released Garbage Hollywood. for ever year worst the is 2013
Roosevelt Theodore - ones.” small outgrow to ability their prove who men the to go usually jobs “Big
http://t.co/6jdLoAGQnI year this $30B wasted “blatantly” government liabilities unfunded in $90T &amp; debt $17T our With Unsustainable.
http://t.co/aedSjDGXfr views sea w/ dining &amp; accommodations luxurious offers Lodge &amp; House MacLeod beautiful @TrumpScotland’s
http://t.co/K7nw9pKCjA lie complete a defending was she debate presidential the in Benghazi on Obama defended @crowleyCNN When
accomplishment! Great http://t.co/K7nw9pKCjA year” the of Pinocchios “biggest @washingtonpost's of 3 having on Pres.Obama to Congrats
http://t.co/bO8iSIJfee NYC downtown in hotel elite most the @TrumpSoHo than Eve Year’s New celebrate to place better No
Scotland. destroying r which turbines wind build to money much so @AlexSalmond giving in foolish very is @David_Cameron Minister Prime
COUNTRY? WORLD THIRD a become will America think you do Obama President Under
incompetent? totally is Obama President that thinks Who
all! of star biggest the be will you - test estate real your on luck Good @ali_nugent
http://t.co/5iBGLd5dHm you! Thank todaysgolferco.uk. in @TrumpScotland Scotland in club golf my of review great really a Wow
Champion a Like Think – world.” today’s in brevity appreciate People economize. to Learn immediately. essence the to “Get
now say they can What it! admitted just and fraud total a is (EPA) change climate on government in person top the Beale in-John just Wow
air our hurting are others &amp; China bullshit! WARMING GLOBAL expensive very &amp; wasteful on not &amp; air clean beautiful on focusing be should We
going! all it keep to hard fighting people Same anymore. work didn't warming" "global words the because now change" "climate it call They
anymore-SORRY! working isn't name warming" "global The years. many in % snow-highest in covered now is area by States United the of 59%
COMPETITIVE! U.S. MAKE con? warming global the on billions wasting still we Are Egypt. in pyramids the on and Isreal in snowing it's Wow
SA. in psycho to next standing worse) (or injured seriously being to were they close how know don't leaders world other and Obama President
cool to swung has states.Pendulum many blanketing snow of amounts vast with decades in weather coldest the experiencing is States United The
far by gift holiday &amp; Christmas best the is cufflinks and suits beautiful really ties shirts of line signature Trump J. Donald The @Macys
ahead! victory the of sight lose Never mind. in aspirations and goals your keep always but yourself enjoy - everybody weekend GREAT a Have
DEAD Fair-IT'S Vanity of numbers circulation dismal the watching like I why is which of disposed properly garbage see to love I @VanityFair
people! the for situation good a explode-not to waiting just is that mess ridden crime a is Africa South but Mandela Nelson like really I
Champion a Like Think – luck.” and work aptitude of combination a it’s think I talent? natural a success business “Is
act. to Commissions Moreland and JCOPE for time is It @AGSchneiderman. lightweight against mount to continues evidence The
decade. the of lie the It’s Wrong. it. keep can you plan care health your like you if Obama’s is #LieOfTheYear @PolitiFact’s
this... like cases of millions the of one Just http://t.co/G0BaT4OUhF Insurance” My Losing Am I Me… for Pray “Please @gatewaypundit: Via
sham. a are Numbers Enrollment mess. Complete http://t.co/tdZnSWiJHf paid” haven't who people cover to insurers “'urging' is Sebelius Now
it! want or it build would fool a Only year. a million $50 lose will Aberdeen for pushing is @AlexSalmond that windfarm ill-conceived The
die restaurants food bad Fair-his Vanity failing at numbers circulation terrible his for him fire would bosses dumb very Carter's Graydon If
delay! to developers failing the forced years.@AlexSalmond two least at by delayed got Aberdeen in oppose I that windfarm killing Bird
http://t.co/TChMrJcqMA (cont) lightweight against complaint my taking are Commissions Moreland &amp; JCOPE that is Albany in talk The
boss. lightweight their against allegations the with concerned very are they that saying are office @AGSchneiderman’s inside Sources
politics. NYS with wrong is that everything on Commissions Moreland &amp; JCOPE for study” “case a is @AGSchneiderman against complaint My
http://t.co/0qGVX4gs1w (cont) coastline. beautiful Scotland's destroy work--will not do turbines wind killing bird ugly behind Economics
years! 10 danger-give Such guy. language sign the arrest to yet has force police Africa South pathetic and corrupt the that believe you Can
funeral! at picture every in is who moron language sign phoney the by stained be will Mandela Nelson of memory the that thing sad a What
lived others All today. crash plane in died certificate” “birth Obama’s of copies verified who Director Health State the amazing How
holidays. &amp; Christmas for @Macys—great cufflinks &amp; shirts ties of Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the at looking are all you hope I
http://t.co/4KaTXXwm9q today. business for open is Doral National Trump at Monster Blue the construction massive news—After Exciting
surprise! no but sad is time a at users 50K handle only can that website $1.5B A
all. us inspire to continues faith His recovery. speedy a for @BillyGraham Rev. with are prayers Our
Bristol! Thanks http://t.co/dp6w5Dq7EV Ask'" Even 'Didn’t Obama Saeed: on In Weighs "Trump @BristolsBlog: by @PatheosFamily Via
restaurant. beautiful food Plaza--fabulous Nations United 845 Megu at night last dinner Had
http://t.co/eApdNuonLK Abedini" Saeed Pastor of Persecution on Hearing Congressional New at Testify to "@NaghmehAbedini @ChristianPost Via
http://t.co/WAANzqPvYf IRAN” IN FREEDOM PASTOR’S CHRISTIAN SECURE TO FAILING FOR OBAMA BLASTS TRUMP @BillyHallowell:“DONALD by @theblaze Via
WARMING. GLOBAL for much So time! of periods long for country the over all freezing ever WINTERS COLDEST the of one is This
in! Tune CNN. on p.m. 9 at tonight Live Morgan Piers on be will I
http://t.co/0FHEzYT6O3 Christmas- for up dressed @TrumpTowerNY of atrium The
Sarina. Birthday Happy @0 @WWE @b_coalition @Jassisidhu @SCOTTHALLNWO @RED931FM @BenCooner
@PeteRose_14 http://t.co/6ksLuFzRHw Fame- of Hall the into Pete Let
magazine? @VanityFair failing running while restaurants food bad run to Carter Graydon dopey allow Nast Conde does Why
why? wonder I Gee low. all-time an at is 38% at rating approval Obama's President
14 Dec. out-opens it Check critics. golf the from reviews GREAT recieved has Doral National Trump at Monster Blue new brand The @TrumpDoral
course! new brand - rebuilding massive a after morning Saturday on play for opens Doral National Trump at Monster Blue The @TrumpDoral
bad! Too spent. money the of all with teams top be would they predicted Everybody playing. are Nets and Knicks the badly how amazing It's
http://t.co/wq1aM9p6tV Plight" Husband's Her Raising for Trump Donald to Gratitude Expresses Wife Saeed's "Pastor @ACLJ: Via
Dumb! scientist? nuclear &amp; spies Iranian released already US has release--why Abedini’s Pastor for “working” to admitting Kerry Re
results? the are Where channels." “back through release Abedini’s f/Pastor working” stopped "never has he claims .@JohnKerry
Mandela Nelson climb.-- to hills more many are there that finds only one hill great a climbing After
http://t.co/shwLiuXF2H today- office my from view beautiful A
Champion a Like Think – will.” you and succeed to power the have you that out inside the from “Know
@jheil congrats! book Great election. passed just the on read excellent an is Down Double book Heilemann’s John and .@MarkHalperin’s
talent! and work hard drugs—just No Hall. the into @PeteRose_14 Let thing! right the do MLB on Come
http://t.co/ERtLfwrs11 #savesaeed prison. Iranian in is who Saeed Pastor Christian of wife wonderful the @NaghmehAbedini with meeting Great
http://t.co/GDiLw5OvJX on? waiting Commissions Moreland &amp; JCOPE are What office? in remain to @AGSchneiderman lightweight allow NYS can How
http://t.co/dkbNc6DKPD @AGSchneiderman. lightweight by stationary General Attorney official of use Illegal
http://t.co/rZ2FFrgajw pastor” U.S. free to chance blew Obama “Trump: @MichaelCarl7: by @worldnetdaily Via
lifted) been have never should (which sanctions back put should we or prison of out #PastorSaeed Christian allow immediately must Iran
#savesaeed office. my left just jail Iranian an in held being Saeed Pastor Christian the of wife lovely the Abedini Naghmeh
Racism! listened. nobody @AGSchneiderman on ratted she believed--when was &amp; politicians black on "ratted" Huntley Shirley Senator State
time! It's Fame. of Hall the leader---into hits time all @PeteRose_14---your let is do can you thing best The Baseball: League Major
die restaurants food bad Fair-his Vanity failing at numbers circulation terrible his for him fire would bosses dumb very Carter's Graydon If
it! want or it build would fool a Only year. a million $50 lose will Aberdeen for pushing is @AlexSalmond that windfarm ill-conceived The
delay! to developers failing the forced years.@AlexSalmond two least at by delayed got just Aberdeen in oppose I that windfarm killing Bird
it! about knew never Ayers Bill guess I book.” his in mentioned “wasn’t b/c uncle his with living Obama Pres. about lied it claims WH
legislation... signature His http://t.co/ACAa5e50Cs passed ObamaCare since ONCE Sebelius with met only Obama leadership? the Where’s
reviews. bad got &amp; bombed movies--both two in acted has disaster a been has @VanityFair failing over reign whose Carter Graydon
price. the paid has leader hits time All @BaseballHall. @MLB’s enter to @PeteRose_14 for time It’s
managers. &amp; leaders Great @BaseballHall! @MLB’s to elected unanimously being all on Cox Bobby &amp; @TonyLaRussa @JoeTorre to Congrats
http://t.co/lxbXG52zKi day &amp; eve Year's New as well as day &amp; eve Christmas open be will demand@TrumpRink popular to due &amp; always As
Mandela Nelson – peace.” of sake the for forgiving fear not do people “Courageous
delayed"http://t.co/YWlqaSCQSQ Trump Donald by opposed farm wind "Scottish @bluegreentweet: Via
terrific. is it category) first the in (I’m him hate or him love you whether and Straight” “Shooting book @PiersMorgan’s read Just
@FLGovScott to Congrats down. taxes up way jobs doing-- is State well how amazing Florida left Just
people. great are @kilmeade and @ehasselbeck @sdoocy AM. 7 at Monday every @foxandfriends doing enjoy really I
doctors-fraud! and plans their losing are people of Millions working. not is ObamaCare as to referred sometimes Act Care Unaffordable The
LIES! MANY SO Boston. in uncle his with lived he out Turns whatever. for arrested was who Oscar uncle his met never he said Obama
shape! bad in really it's longer much around be won't Magazine Fair Vanity - numbers circulation the at looked just I Wow @VanityFair
discussed be to disasters other and ObamaCare 7.00. at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be Will California. from York New to back got Just
all! of best the maybe combination great a is humble and confident Being humility. about say to good really something also is There - P.S.
winning! from derived Is it. like nothing (almost) is there is fact The CONFIDENCE. word special very the about me asking always are People
life! in positive real a is yourself of opinion high or ego healthy a having - loser a you show I'll and ego an without someone me Show
charity for raised money Big fabulous. was Pope Lois incomparable the by hosted Mar-a-Lago at tonight dinner the that is Word @LoisPope1
itself! money including ingredient other any than important more far is knowledge money big making In
knowledge of amount vast but billion) $10 today-over am I where to (compared money of amount small relatively a me left Trump Fred father My
opportunities. always are There possibilities. your yourself--or underestimate Don't
Big Think - possible.” as soon as big thinking start setback every “After
Thanks. @trumthomp
price. great gifts holiday Great beautiful. more or better been never have @Macys cufflinks &amp; ties shirts My
@MichaelPhelps - get.” you farther the dream you more The anything. on limit a put can't “You
today? website ObamaCare defunct on wasted been has money much How Friday. It's
http://t.co/W1zv7STHBi data. proper the getting not insurers ever-- as bad as is website ObamaCare $1.2B now The
Abedini. Pastor Christian husband her abandoned has House White The @TrumpTowerNY. week next @NaghmehAbedini hosting to forward Looking
Obama. than friend better a had never has Iran
http://t.co/vGGmsi0YJi amenities signature w/our destination top Hawaii’s is @TrumpWaikiki beaches famous Waikiki's from away Steps
http://t.co/xGYO2vawfq Philippines of capital social &amp; financial the Makati to luxury brings City Century at Tower Trump
safe! and proud us make will He Commissioner. Police NYC for choice great a was .@BillBratton
you. Thank @KBetter52
warming! global is that hoax expensive the by distracted not and air healthy and clean magnificently on focused be should We
there! be all will we - #Expo2020 fantastic a be will what winning in Dubai of all to going Great
Thanks. @RobertW33157775
hoax! expensive very and total a is warming Global freezing. it's and Angeles Los in I'm - Tennessee to Texas from rolls storm Ice
Mandela --Nelson done. is it until impossible seems always It
Mandela Nelson -- combination. formidable a always are heart good a and head good A
http://t.co/GVziRpWbkB missed. be will and man special a was relationship--he wonderful a had myself and Mandela Nelson
Einstein Albert -- else." anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have "You
http://t.co/JcbyQCIcH2 success. Big peninsula. Verdes Palos the on club &amp; course golf fantastic my inspect to California for today Leaving
nuts! go they me with but cares nobody benefit his to laws bankruptcy the uses Buffett Warren when that it is Why
http://t.co/YAm3DsC3lN (cont) work. operate—don’t &amp; build to expensive world—too throughout droves in abandoned being windfarms shore Off
http://t.co/3mMhWZjmGz (cont) them—he’s let won’t @AlexSalmond but badly so fiasco windfarm Aberdeen their of out wants .@VattenfallGroup
@Aberdeenshire @AberdeenCC extension. phony forced @AlexSalmond windfarm—so Aberdeen losing money its sell couldn’t .@VattenfallGroup
nothing! do others &amp; China while it" "fixing on fortune a spending is U.S. the that is warming" "global of concept the w/ problem The
change! climate mean I warming global be Must country. the of parts large throughout temperatures cold setting record Wow
http://t.co/JbpMopI1L2 website- dollar billion Our
http://t.co/7PpOJclyeR Bashir- Martin for message special A
@SarahPalinUSA anyway. ratings get didn’t he badly feel Bashir—don’t Martin firing for @msnbc to Congrats
@SarahPalinUSA job. his save to enough wasn’t apology pathetic His @msnbc. from resign to forced been just has @BashirLive Sleazebag
Truman S. --Harry hell." was it thought they and truth the told just I hell. anybody give did never "I
Champion Heavyweight ago long Corbett J. James -- round." more one fight champion a become "To
Camus Albert -- it." justify to philosophy a find always will courage lack who "Those
this? about saying geniuses warming global the are What record. on weather coldest the of some for bracing are others and Minnesota Denver
Madden John – sewer.” the through goes Street Easy to road “The
Sills Beverly going.-- worth place any to cuts short no are There
fast. smart get better leaders Our http://t.co/emAgwnMQXv currency finance traded most 2nd as Euro the passed just Yuan reality. New
$1.5B to up be soon Will http://t.co/2IrbJtKR15 $1B topped has website ObamaCare official. now it’s Wow
Thanks. @Candy_Uptigrove
happen. will it Yes @codyaa722
Great! @jeffreypham
Birthday Happy @MichaelArrante
http://t.co/4xhdJLvIhF excellence embodying each choices of range wide a with guests provide restaurants four @TrumpSoHo’s
http://t.co/uEO8BfYKA5 windows ceiling to floor ft 10 w/ each rooms hotel spacious most Chicago’s = Suites Deluxe Grand @TrumpChicago
you. Thank @PaulSRiddell
Thanks. @wakimotho
you. Thank @Brown97M
Great! @StefThomason
luck. Good intact. focus your keep Then important. most That's work. your for passion have to have You @puddlejumper365
YOU! be to want all they remember Just people. successful down put to hard so try world the of losers the when smile only can You
supersede. will "brains" but important also is work Hard money. of lot a make to able are people smart really only exceptions few With
office! from resign should Schneiderman-he Eric General Attorney State York New crooked against complaint ethics major a filed just I
discuss! soon I'll that even get to me on story a doing currently there out one bigger much a there's but Magazine York New about bad Too
back! way cutting is &amp; $'s big lost it (N.Y.Post) announced Just scoffed? people and fold would Magazine York New that predicted I Remember
Steve! Thanks @Laker_Steve
Wooden John - over?” it do to time have you will when right it do to time have don't you “If
deal. bad another ... http://t.co/8Tc9qBUgbZ @timesunion.com via again go we Here
Thanks. @griffithspb
you. Thank @clary77
NYC. enjoy fun Have @KevRedford
Champion a Like Think – way.” right the building That’s results. and responsibility intelligence on reputation your “Build
unfair! Very notices. cancellation 44 are there enrollment ObamaCare 1 every For House. White the to Congratulations
long! around be relevant—won’t longer no is GQ bad Too list. a to me named just @GQMagazine Dying
upstarts. small support to way Great http://t.co/p8wc062aWF @fundanything at campaigns business great Many
http://t.co/zAa6vDqkie tower beautiful &amp; twisting ft 616 its w/ skyline the transform will Vancouver Tower &amp; Hotel Int. Trump
@TBN work. and life wonderful his for grateful are Christians All away. passed just has Crouch F. Paul Dr. man fine A
you. Thank @pinguspusher
it call they will what change-now climate to cold) (too warming global change they So decades. in U.S. the in hurricanes of number least The
game. football great a was That
pass! a What winner. total a - such as recognized being finally is who quarterback GREAT a is AJ @10AJMcCarron
about! thought even not functions many with mess total a is TODAY working be would said Obama President which website ObamaCare the Wow
myself)! so say do I (if masterpiece a be will Doral National Trump - Amazing Miami. in Doral of rebuilding million $259 left Just
@Macys at ties and shirts my buy you hope I
doomed million 90 disaster! total a down closed is WRONG-website working. and up be to supposed was website ObamaCare that day the is Today
idea!!!" lousy a it's that be should lesson The @HuffPostGreen via http://t.co/Nty91wF8B1 U.S. the for Lessons Europe: in Wind Offshore
@alexsalmond again! popular become would Scotland-he in turbines wind obsolete for drive fruitless his stop should Salmond Minister First
genius! their for @damacofficial to Congratulations world. the in anywhere projects great the of one be will Dubai in International Trump
@dubaiexpo2020 event.@damacofficial global major a winning place great A 2020! Expo host to rights the winning on Dubai to Congratulations
Macy's! at BEST-available beautiful-THE more been never have cufflinks and shirts ties My
world. the of hotels great the of one become soon will It months. 3 in D.C. Washington in Office Post Old the on begins Work
14. Dec complete-opens Monster Blue suites. luxury and ballroom new a build to contract out gave Just Doral. National Trump at Miami in am I
course! golf friendly bird on me fought and @Aberdeenshire in turbines wind chopping bird for went JOKE-They TOTAL A IS RSPB @RSPBScotland
turbines! grotesque with Scotland destroy will reasons humane for terrorist Am Pan released that man same the @alexsalmond @RSPBScotland
@alexsalmond @Aberdeenshire. in turbines wind by devastated be will which population bird massive the save to fight must @RSPBScotland
DAY! YOUR ENJOY EVERYONE THANKSGIVING HAPPY
world. the in country any virtually of negotiators dumbest and worst the has country our that believe truly I
hell! to go to him Tell deal. sign to refuses and more more more for out holding is Afghanistan of Karzai "President" that believe you Can
way! mess-no ObamaCare on ZERO But people. firing like not do I FIRED YOU'RE words the with success great had have I that fact the Despite
plan! great really a deal and mistake a was ObamaCare that announce lie fat big a telling for apologize simply Obama President doesn't Why
it! do Don't jailed. is Pastor Christian while Iran to back it giving is Obama Now Crisis. Hostage ’79 during assets Iranian in $8B froze US
losers! and haters the all--even to Thanksgiving Happy
pay. to hell be will there don't they If now. right mean I go--and Pastor Christian our let to Iran Tell
family. your appreciate and Love time. special a is It holiday. the during family your with time your enjoy to sure Make
year. next plans their lose will estimated million 90 Over ObamaCare. the on iceberg the of tip the is website failed $1B The
http://t.co/BNbutAKnWY agreement" nuclear interim an of details the about public misleading is WH the that say officials "Iranian
season. holiday during especially Terrible http://t.co/4KhsbQvwiJ October in high record hit electricity of Price families. the on War
http://t.co/nrhl8hIwlq today Warrior Injured an to Donate @wwpinc. with work great does @TraceAdkins Champion @ApprenticeNBC Reigning
people. wonderful are family &amp; Emin http://t.co/CNDV9txxQJ Video" @eminofficial New in Trump "Donald @MoscowTimes: Via
http://t.co/sweV2n1TTw restaurant "Sixteen" Diamond 5 Star 5 @TrumpChicago’s at City Windy the in Thanksgiving celebrate Come
Thanksgiving. Happy and you Thank @thesween_bean
Champion a Like Think – today.” starting use to it Put formula. proven a It’s show. and know “Learn
you. Thank @TrumpTowerNY @Nicole_Tri16
Thanks. @PatrickJFSmith
Great! @SeanKAnderson
http://t.co/Y7MjTlsa0y out'" speak will him like people more hope 'I TRUMP: PRAISES WIFE PASTOR'S U.S. "JAILED @worldnetdaily: Via
machines. killing bird are they way No @Natures_Voice @RSPBScotland @CDaeda
Thanks. @TrumpTowerNY @FrankMDavisJR
thanks. out it check will I @TrumpTowerNY @mckay317
sanctions talks--big off break refuse they if &amp; faith good of sign a as PASTOR CHRISTIAN the free immediately to Iran tell President Mr.
mill. lie-90 total a be to out turned This PERIOD! plan your keep can you plan your like you if again over and over said Obama President
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look
example. the setting are you that remembering by yourself as well as others motivate can You example. the Set
http://t.co/mahENjAx8f styles men's top offers @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump Thanksgiving. for great Look
prison? Iranian an in tortured being is pastor Christian a when relief sanction in $8B Iran giving rationalize Obama does How
@Natures_Voice @RSPBScotland victims...http://t.co/IaSq4HhpAC among eagles Golden Birds. Killing for Million $1 Fined Company Power Wind
http://t.co/IQbu9PuOt1 landmark. NYC a Atrium the see to world the over all from come They @TrumpTowerNY. in tourists hosting enjoy We
website? ObamaCare hapless the creating in us robbed that billions-- for company-- the sue we do When
fiasco! website ObamaCare the over fired been has one no believe can't I
http://t.co/JSMjHze4JF day all playing be will games @nfl the where lounge DJT @TrumpLasVegas' in Thanksgiving Enjoy Vegas? In
@Aberdeenshire @alexsalmond victims...http://t.co/IaSq4HhpAC among eagles Golden Birds. Killing for Million $1 Fined Company Power Wind
good. some do will it where earth to down it bring and work the do focus you until vision remains Vision
const budget on and time on love and Florida love I projects. construction big on checking today Miami and Jupiter Beach Palm in be will I
much! so take only can they guess press-I the and supporters loyal most his by even hammered getting finally is Obama President
Chicago in purchase house his at look and back Go long. so them took What trustworthy. &amp; honest not is Obama President say WOW-53% poll New
AGAIN! GREAT BE WILL STATES UNITED THE worry Don't
leadership! need we but again great being to return will we Someday U.S. the about bad is story every and news the watching home got Just
Deal. The of Art The – it.” make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst “The
http://t.co/NRQHoDBwA0 Abedini? Saeed Pastor Christian the free negotiation the of part as Obama didn't Why
that. about think Just nukes. its keep Iran letting is he but plans healthcare Americans’ 90M over away take to going is Obama
Ford. on is money My Ford? Mayor Toronto or Obama Iran--President with negotiating have rather you would Who
you. with starts Everything charge. in You're effort. group a not is entrepreneur an being that Realize
positives. the on focus and intact focus your possibilities--keep your or yourself underestimate Don't
then-DUMB! settle they did fine-why the of amount the of critical is lawyer J.P.Morgan's dollars billion 13 ridicilous a for settling After
better! do can really you - Washington others and it get Go DEAL. THE OF ART THE TRUMP: - say) they so (or dealmaking on ever book Best
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE now. right start we time about it isn't but deals great made country our since years many been has it know I
side other the to weakness shows it that is complete not is that one especially deal a celebrate OPENLY not do dealmakers great reason The
one next the to on go just dealsthey celebrate not do dealmakers Great Iran. with deal nuclear tenuous the celebrating openly is Kerry John
needs! country our what is win-this comeback Fantastic winner! total a and guy great a player great a mine of friend good a is Brady Tom
yet! over not game- Good comeback. England New tonight-amazing job great a done has Brady Tom
WHY? trap. the of out them let to decided foolishly leaders our and Iran with negotiations nuclear our in leverage the all had We
ENDS NEVER JUST deals. bads Syria Iran ObamaCare - leader incompetent most world's the with up put to expected we are longer much How
plenty! have "leaders" our which of incompetence and stupidity basic discussing be Will 7. at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
BE WILL ALWAYS ISRAEL-AND FOR DISASTER TOTAL a is He election. last the in Obama backed friends Jewish my of many so how understand not do I
DEAL! THE OF ART THE Read Iran. with to agreed just deal imbecilic the accept to reduced are we when down gone States United the has far How
cash! big and delay including everything get They stupidity). our at laughter (except nothing get We Iran. with made we deal rotten a What
working! wasn't just warming global of concept the because change climate to warming global name the changed They
ObamaCare! you gave that people same the are warming global you gave that people The
WARMING? GLOBAL with on going is hell the what - Oklahoma and Arizona Texas in weather freezing ice and Snow
FAST! end would crime assaulter-and the than violent) (and vicious more slightly be to have we - crime and assaults knockout on smart Get
head! their at gun a with way that feel wouldn't assaults knockout through others and ladies old hurting badly on high gets that scum The
made! is deal GREAT until sanctions Strengthen talks. nuclear Iran the to respect with technique negotiating wrong absolute the using are We
there. out opportunities great are There endeavors. your stop disaster ObamaCare the let Don’t positive. keep – entrepreneurs Young
Birthday! Happy @Pattycake77777
today? website ObamaCare the on wasted House White the has millions many How Friday. It’s
2016. in Americans by embraced be will solutions market Free fail. it let – ObamaCare to approach right the have Republicans
http://t.co/RyuH1k1gpB Zeckendorf Arthur developer wonderful a about Times York New the in article nice a Such
years. 200 over for effect in was Rule yesterday. it killed Obama &amp; Reid Harry rule. filibuster Senate the wrote Jefferson Thomas
majority. the in they're when rule new the keep should it.Republicans own now they filibuster the kill to decided Democrats the Since
http://t.co/Z8Sh1Yopn1 2005 in rules filibuster Senate of debate' "democratic defend Obama Senator Watch Hypocrite.
target. them—easy suing be would nobody years 15 for courts the through case their took Morgan JP If
http://t.co/iOPQ71I41q editorial Post York New today’s in exposed was Schneiderman Eric AG artist shakedown Lightweight
crime! more Bronson-no Charles great late the remember please attack knockout a contemplating degenerates sick those all For
worse! it make only will weakness and is there course Of attacks?" knockout to component racial a there "is asking are newscasters Weak
lesson)! a them (teach bastard the shoot gun a carry you and slugged getting before assaulter knockout a catch to enough lucky are you If
guns! our take to want they country-and this in tough getting start better We youth. depraved and sick by rage new the are assaults Knockout
http://t.co/uumhaRxfDa launch? the delay they didn't why -- October in work wouldn't website ObamaCare knew WH prove Emails
http://t.co/0KgNNtgE34 watch- video- via questions fans @Facebook my answered I
http://t.co/5mBFtkDih0 rooms luxury &amp; pools five dining fine offers @TrumpPanama peninsula pristine Pacifica's Punta above stores 70
courses. golf best America's of one rated been has Bedminster Trump Open Women's U.S. 2017 the of Host
out! get Let's appreciation. zero has government Their Afghanistan. in treasure and blood of amount enormous an wasted have We
Touch Midas -- Touch." Midas the have to order in 'FIRE' the have to got You've you. moves really what out "Figure
@insideFPL Beach. Palm in storm big the during energy &amp; service providing of job fantastic a did Light &amp; Power Florida
VICTORY! mind in word one only have - work at day great a be will Today
is! it skimpy how see to sad Magazine-so Time great once the fondling Afghanistan) on correct 100% is (who Joe watching I'm @morningmika
GREAT! AMERICA MAKE U.S.A. by costs all 2024-with through Afghanistan in us keeps that deal a sign to leaders stupid very our allow not Do
Champion a Like --Think line." bottom the clearly is line bottom The matter. what are "Results
Kettering Charles -- it." on working committee a get world the in idea any kill to want you "If
Americans? regular like suffer they should Why http://t.co/UxeEkMJp2g plans healthcare tier' 'gold 112 their on Congress to Congrats
http://t.co/xiYoo3fxEV deal! big a becomes it game the plays Trump cares—when nobody bankruptcy w/ play others &amp; Buffett Warren When
jobs! create I @SwanRose2013
Thanks. @Facebook_Ben
Thanks. @chadasletten
Sad! @nolanitenyc
you. Thank @TrumpLasVegas @DamonCanel
true! So @libertybellskp
http://t.co/KwJ1jkLuPa courts tennis professional six &amp; pools Olympic restaurants spectacular has @Trump_Charlotte luxury true Offering
pathetic. beyond is This unfinished. 40% is website ObamaCare go. to $1B another down $1B
Mike. words nice the for thanks special--and @HBO &amp; Truth" "Undisputed book new his of success the on @MikeTyson to Congratulations
True! @WantonSoop
Great! @MeghanFaheyy
you. Thank @TrumpTowerNY @MissUniverse @matt_marcolini
http://t.co/Y6TJL7znRD #missuniverse @eminofficial Philippines. the help to go proceeds All guy. talented very Russia--a from Emin
apology. want they first but U.S. the by for paid fully years more many for there troops 000 20 keep to U.S. the want leaders Afghanistan
Andretti" Mario -- enough." fast going not you're control under seems everything "If
proud. family your make and there out Go together. come all it makes family great a of love but - fun is life fun are deals fun is Work
BACK! PAID BE TO IT EXPECT NEVER WILL HE BECAUSE PESSIMIST A FROM MONEY BORROW ALWAYS
Richards I. Jef - money.” make to hope you Unless unnecessary. totally is “Advertising
plans. from dropped being doctors be will disaster ObamaCare next The
Repeal! fixed. be can’t ObamaCare website. dollar billion broken A promises. Broken
Andretti Mario -- enough." fast going not you're control under seems everything "If
fighting. by better much done have Could precedent. bad &amp; move Terrible settlement. in government to $13B away gave just Dimon Jamie
surprise. No http://t.co/hIUCoXHB1X pay military cut to going is he website broken a on billions wastes Obama While Priorities.
http://t.co/NBKlSCcIqr hair! terrible Not @TrumpTowerNY? at @MissUniverse to talking is who Guess
http://t.co/AwEbyrGxFl windows floor-to-ceiling feature rooms hotel elite @TrumpLasVegas’ strip the over glass golden of stories 64
http://t.co/XCgycLQa3H course 72 par yd 7291 designed Fazio Jim a features @TrumpNationalNY clubs private top @GolfWorldUS of One
wishes! best fair Chuck--very @jack_welch @meetthepress @chucktodd
http://t.co/g8yXdBu1Be election the before right Obama for numbers job the cooked workers census October last said I as Just
apologize? he Will number. job the cooked Obama saying for I and @jack_welch attacked @chucktodd @meetthepress on October Last
again! right Proven http://t.co/XWnKrWl3sp Business'” Monkey Of Lot 'A Are Numbers Jobs Trump: “Donald 2012: 9 October - FLASHBACK
winner! total a is She @FoxBusiness. to move big her on @MariaBartiromo to Congratulations
http://t.co/mfkKEyC51N watch- right- Zimmerman George got I
WIN! and positively think smart be today work to Go
good-trouble! no is guy this and people know I news. bad and sicko a was Zimmerman George that said I when ago time long a heat some took I
Jobs Steve -- do." who ones the are world the change can they that think to enough crazy are who ones "The
tornadoes. &amp; storms the from suffering Americans fellow our to out go prayers heartfelt Our
http://t.co/sawW8bGjBZ Hawaii to excellence brings @TrumpWaikiki restaurants world-class &amp; rooms star 5 amenities Trump signature W/
yesterday??? golf played Obama President
right! something doing be must he - hesitation without and overwhelmingly Obama President for voted PEOPLE DEAD that shown have polls The
AMAZING! Monster. Blue new the and hotel the of construction the on check to today early Miami in Doral National Trump to going be will I
zero! Others State. Penn from settlement shattering reputation &amp; big a such extract irrelevant becoming and weak is which NCAA the did How
ObamaCare. for up signing after life to back brought be can elected Obama President get helped who voters dead the of some Maybe
legacy great of destruction and made they settlement pathetic the for sued) be (and resign to forced be should State Penn run that wimps The
warming? global of proponent a is player the at yell to audacity the had who coach Rutgers the if wonder I
bullying as viewed be can and discriminatoryracist is it because players their at yell and scream to allowed longer no are coaches Football
yelled? coach because bullied being is he says who player football Rutgers the about say would Lombardi Vince great late the what wonder I
target soft a is settler A disputes. settle to making is bank the settlements ridiculous the at grave his in spinning is J.P.Morgan real The
sued. getting keep they wonder No FIGHT? they don't Why made. just J.P.Morgan that settlements stupid the are BILLION-these 4.5 BILLION 13
good! Very @not_that_actor
Gary. Thanks @gary4205
Scotland! of people the to service important and great a provide You reporting. balanced and fair your for you Thank @EveningExpress
CONGRATULATIONS! - you like nobody is there - Universe Miss wonderful our helping in job Great @ReaIOsmelSousa
Lombardi Vince - losing.” is so Unfortunately habit. is “Winning
America! Congratulations ObamaCare. in enrolled than election last the in voted people dead more Again
news. good That's screens. bigger with iPhones release to going is Apple it has Rumor
Champion a Like Think – business.” good That’s personally. things take don’t but personable be smart be tough “Be
Touch Midas – better.” life make to and problem a solve to exists only business true “A
it! for go - fold don't - run the on them have You ObamaCare. of repeal complete a is accept should Republicans the deal only The
DECEPTION! OR LIES MORE NO - truth the telling start to got has He what? or yesterday day rough a have Obama President Did
#1 at nights 14-many Season names-AMAZING! the hear you 'till Wait Apprentice. Celebrity year's next for selected largely been has cast The
Macy's. through online Yes @grouponegav
http://t.co/zHQE8EHEMT beautiful! and tall office- my visited .@MissUniverse
Tzu Sun – nowhere.” defends everywhere defends who “He
News Fox on pm fiasco--7 ObamaCare the about talk to tonight Record the On @gretawire on be I'll
it. fix to more get will she now And http://t.co/AA1Q7Bo0kP website build to contract $635M no-bid a got friend Obama
America! Congratulations ObamaCare. in enrolled than election last the in voted people dead More
True! @MikeDemkiw
ObamaCare. use they that insisted Obama because down broke Iranians with news--negotiations Breaking
Carter! Jimmy to happened ever that thing best the is Obama President
lied? he think don't who fools the are Who pledge. care health about lied" "knowingly president the felt people of majority a poll new a In
doubt). no have I which (of up it keep - great really doing are You @BretBaier
http://t.co/cdYT5btamI" @BillyGraham #happybirthday #BillyGraham95 see... and newspapers Reading "@MELANIATRUMP ICYMI--
Incompetent. citizen. US a not is who someone website the of face the as used website ObamaCare the built that people same The
Colombia. from citizen—she’s US a not is website ObamaCare the from disappeared mysteriously who model it—the believe you Can
late. too is it before - home back go and around turn path wrong the it's if go you path a down far how matter No
administered! imcompetently was that concept bad A - ARRIVAL ON DEAD be soon will it - SUPPORT LIFE on is ObamaCare
ObamaCare. end would move a such that is problem His ObamaCare. on lie his undo to Democrats from pressure under is Obama President
SIGNUPS. NEW 50OOO THAN LESS COVERAGE LOSING AMERICANS 4992343 - time all of disasters political worst the of one is ObamaCare
windfarms. &amp; environmentalists by ruined town NY upstate an See @netflix. on ‘Windfall’ documentary the watch should Everyone
http://t.co/zTU8I6gYQ1 Programs Navigator by perpetuated fraud ObamaCare massive the exposed has @project_veritas @JamesOKeefeIII’s
http://t.co/zfWCc1i83x goal @fundanything its meets it until go to days 4 has Cut” “Director’s @AdamRifkin’s &amp; @pennjillette
http://t.co/ubiHDd5sqr Moscow in Skyscraper Planning Trump Donald @MoscowTimes Via
place! fabulous a is Moscow in Hall City Crocus @crocuscityhall @IamStevenT @eminofficial @AgalarovAras @oliviaculpo
support! total want I it. against voted Boria Mayor 2014-- in Doral Miami in be won't it but favor in vote 1 to 4 a had pageant USA Miss
STAR! a are you - fantastic was Universe Miss at performance your Emin @eminofficial
you! Thank @Judithdbailey
you. Thank @WCMartzOfficial
Schwarzkopf Norman General - anyhow!” job your doing and ahead going and afraid being is courage “True
WOW! was EMIN next. is TOWER-MOSCOW TRUMP job. FANTASTIC a done have You family. your and you with weekend great a had I @AgalarovAras
ovation! Standing @MissUniverse. ever show a to endings greatest the of one gave .@IamStevenT
are!!! they lucky how idea no have who losers and haters the to particular in ALL to Day Veterans Happy
BRAVE! THE OF HOME ARE WE AS LONG AS FREE THE OF LAND THE BE ONLY WILL WE
things. right the doing start will we made being are that mistakes the of all from enough bad hurting starts country our when worry Don't
forthright so be to him of nice How ObamaCare! on statement mean I lie his for apologized Obsma President that see I Moscow in was I While
possible! thought ever anyone than numbers greater far in office into them sweep could ObamaCare - smart and patient be must Republicans The
TURMOIL TOTAL now! right shape better lot a in be would country our ObamaCare against voted and thing right the done had Roberts Justice If
guy! good really and quarterback fantastic a - game great a having is Brees Drew
success! economic great their destroy instantly to able be would we ObamaCare use to competitors other and China Russia force could we If
skilled! properly-not negotiate to inability his of because Iran attack will Obama President that ago time long a predicted I that Remember
7.ºº at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be will I
STRATEGIC. VERY AND SMART VERY BE MUST U.S. place! amazing and interesting very a is Moscow lots. &amp; lots Russia-learned from back got just I
tonight! watching be will World The ENERGIZED! REALLY IS CITY people. working hard fantastic - Moscow of tour great a given just was I
Russia! in night Big arena. of sellout Total winners. all are they hard very is winner a picking - tonight Universe Miss for Moscow in I'm
responsible. you're happen doesn't it If responsible. you're happens Whatever Leadership:
focused. totally Be effort. concentrated your of 100% than less nothing requires successful Being
gratification. instant of cases few very are patient--there be and problems for ready Be tip: Success
monstrosity? $ Trillion this of point the is What http://t.co/hq7O7j7RRU uninsured of amount the increase will disaster ObamaCare The
Champion a Like Think – them!” with Deal either. them on dwell don’t and problems your off toss “Don’t
@BillyGraham Rev. – complain.” don't And honestly. and hard Work Bible. the “Read
debt. State NY off Pay Fast! Frack &amp; Now Frack jobs. needs York New Upstate
act! must Congress killed. were Americans Four Benghazi. on truth full the learned not have still We
repeal! then Defund ObamaCare. of because plans healthcare their lose to going are Americans fellow 3.5M least At
http://t.co/ce4lvhRpJq $4M - us to Cost Delaware. in FOUR enrolling on website ObamaCare $1B the to Congratulations
him! like nobody tonight--there's party birthday @BillyGraham’s Rev. GREAT the attending to forward Looking
212.964.7777 food! Nations—fantastic United the opposite Tower) World Trump (at @MEGUNYC at week this dinner Had
landmark. A http://t.co/lxbXG52zKi world. the in rink open--best now is Park Central in @TrumpRink year. the of time that It’s
http://t.co/IwziHG38WV Award Entrepreneur @boonepickens received I where Dinner Gala Bartlet @AmSpec at speech My
you. Thank purchase!" the made I Glad great! look still shirts your wear of year a @realDonaldTrump-after "THEBillMcGee
man! wonderful a such - Graham Billy GREAT the of party birthday 95th the for tonight Carolina North Asheville to going be will I
predictions! any than greater far - 2014 in victory massive a have will Republicans fast and ObamaCare opposing start not do Democrats If
ship. abandon will supporters biggest the that unwieldy and expensive control of out so be will ObamaCare where reached be will level A
years! in had have they than power greater far gain will Republicans and worse get only will ObamaCare as known disaster The Prediction:
PEOPLE! FLIGHT TOP IN BRING rest. and family her to home go her Let FIRED! YOU'RE say lovingly and misery her of out Sebelius Kathleen Put
Incompetent! fired. be must and people many to harm great done has She Sec.Sebelius. for sorry feel almost I that pathetic and sad so is She
mess! this of part best the is website The cards. broken of house a like fall will it disaster a such is ObamaCare watch and back sit Just
him! with angry are Democrats Senate the lie-even greater even an it made he ObamaCare on statement previous his tweak to tried Obama When
http://t.co/rzdnYAAze4 reading. worth truly is that Six" Secret Washington's "George called book wonderful a wrote @kilmeade Brian
entrepreneur. an becoming to step one is This you. to presents imagination your what execute to education your and intelligence your Use
person. that Be employee? an as desire most you would person of kind what employer the were you If tip: Job
tenacious. be talent--and and skills your Apply direction. right the in you focus will This victorious. as yourself See tip: Success
http://t.co/Tahju7mAHu night. last dinner at Wynn Steve terrific With
Friedman Milton – sand.” of shortage a be there'd years 5 in Desert Sahara the of charge in government federal the put you “If
image. my fit right--doesn't You're @Rizz_Lizz
you. Thank @rrpsllc
you. Thank @Andy241097
you. Thank @dnewman83
Thanks. job!" Fantastic course! great absolutely time. first the for Doral Played @realDonaldTrump "thilan_GolfSwag
does. #Darnell No @prdnjoy67
Touch Midas – you.” on counting is Everyone entrepreneurs. more needs world the that “Recognize
prize? retract Oslo Can Down. Double book out just to according people" killing at good really "I'm said president PEACE FOR PRIZE NOBEL Our
benefit! would U.S. in everyone - price affordable more much a at country our in healthcare better much have could we that is truth The
CLUELESS!!! - that is stupid how - contract government new a given just was website ObamaCare failed the of builder the that believe you Can
surplus! trade a have should We http://t.co/jX2ZzAEwuw surplus trade their criticizes he leaders German on spy Obama does only Not
http://t.co/FHGKERmC8f Watch- cause! great a for event great a @JohnRich- #CelebApprentice by performance a featured event @EricTrumpFdn The
Crazy! plans. healthcare their keep could everyone that us told never he claims Obama Now history. Revisionist
http://t.co/wxrR4Zads0 dropped plan healthcare his had son Donnelly’s Joe Sen. Democrat home. at Hitting
http://t.co/37qiBlkoWe Laws' Your By Live 'Congress demand http://t.co/tuNjdZIGLq w/@seanhannity @David_Bossie &amp; @DavidVitter Sen.
terrific! be will They Moscow. in http://t.co/peSCg8lGPx Pageant 2013 @MissUniverse Trump hosting are @ThomasARoberts &amp; @OfficialMelB
https://t.co/Qk5hNM9pRX website- ObamaCare on #TrumpVine
http://t.co/kpNNOBYmnX @AGSchneiderman York New of AG the – Schneiderman” “Shakedown article @AmSpec the reads everybody hope I
http://t.co/kpNNOBYmnX amazing. is @AGSchneiderman lightweight State NY about Schneiderman" "Shakedown article @AmSpec The
deception. or lies more No sorry!" mistake big a made we "look say would he if Obama President for respect new whole a gain would I
ObamaCare! with associated closely most are that words two the - incompetence and Lies
U.S.! to ruinous be could This roof. the through are Costs CONTROL. OF OUT TOTALLY are website the and news.ObamaCare the watching just Wow
vote! a on up it take must Senate The it.” keep can you plan healthcare your like you “If bill: right the has House @GOP
Crazy! done. and said is all when $1.5B over cost will website ObamaCare The
http://t.co/beCpF6ZzTv away doctors patients’ cancer taking is ObamaCare &amp; plans healthcare their losing are Millions Change. &amp; Hope
up! give Never @zak_boxer
http://t.co/XQrdpzpJYq crowned 2013 @MissUniverse watch will world the @nbc On 11.9.! this Hall City Crocus Moscow’s to arrives Beauty
Great! @JShue20
win! would @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer lightweight against run to going is @EliotSpitzer that me telling is Everyone
Thanks. @sundayhorse
Scotland! killing is True--he @AlexSalmond @Mulder1981 @BrightonPatriot
morning! good and enjoy - minutes five in Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
D.C. on march protest massive a about What HAPPEN! NOT WOULD this that promise Obama's President despite plans healthcare losing Millions
http://t.co/hu07KWdBjF Gala" Auction Gift National at Gowns Gorgeous in Stun Contestants 2013: Universe "Miss @IBTimes: Via
Champion a Like Think – themselves.” prove to way another just as problems see “Winners
http://t.co/tkKliU7bxu Manhattan lower of view a for ceilings window to floor features room hotel @TrumpSoHo each Tribeca in Located
Carnegie Andrew - itself.” of care take will future the and more little a and duty your “Do
Thanks. @wsaleen
True. @SonnyGirard
it! deserves 000-he $10 him send to going I'm guy. great cool really was bridge the off jumping from woman the saved who driver bus The
Hilton Conrad – quit.” don't they but mistakes make They moving. keep people “Successful
Thanks. @CasaMadison
Thanks. @duncanrj1969
terrorists? board water can’t but leaders ally’s our on spy can we So
past. his at look guy--just dumb very a still is @billmaher Thursday. It’s
Hawaii.” in born was “I = it.” keep can you plan healthcare your like you “If
disaster. A http://t.co/H6Ge0N5tZW information personal your protect even can’t it work not website ObamaCare $1B the did only Not
deserved. and Earned victory. Series World @RedSox the on Boston to Congratulations
http://t.co/bdqhJWD7ko campaign funding crowd a for @fundanything on reward $1M RECORD a away give to looking Still
http://t.co/jXPKC2ClgC America So. to arrived has excellence Pacifica Punta over stories 70 hotel. premiere City’s Panama is .@TrumpPanama
@GarySiniseFound out it foundation—check his through veterans for work tremendous doing is Sinise Gary
trillions country the cost will that free-for-all balances—a &amp; checks stop will they that it has rumor &amp; unfixable is website ObamaCare The
Champion a Like Think – direction.” right the in going be you’ll and proportions equal in think and work “Learn
Touch Midas – creates.” business their jobs of number the with do to has success of measure true the believe entrepreneurs best “The
all! to Congrats NYC...http://t.co/n7xX10UEEI in hotels luxurious most the of list Ten Top the on are hotels York New our of Both
mistakes! your of all for responsibility take to anything-time about nothing knew he say Obama President hearing of tired WORLD the Isn't
game! Series World good very a like Looks
Obama? President on tidbits smallest the even have don't but information and records all to access have ObamaCare and Snowden come How
fan major a become might recordsI Obama's reveal could he and it if executed-but be should who spy a is Snowden and disaster a is ObamaCare
Ditka Mike - trying.” quit you until loser a never “You're
site. web ObamaCare the for $1B another Obama lend to want They called. just China
http://t.co/Y3Y2PbOuzS design.” political by coverage their losing are Americans Awakening: ObamaCare “The @WSJ: Via
about… us to lied he has else what then ObamaCare about lie to willing was Obama If
truth. full the know to deserve We truth. the up covering still is Administration Benghazi. in died Americans brave Four
read! Must @bnbooks. and @amazon on #1 Pilgrims.” Brave the and Revere “Rush book new his of release the on @rushlimbaugh to Congrats
http://t.co/dIUlqbvP5U victory” Blackdog Trump's “Donald @WPOffshore: Via
recinded-INTERESTING be should legislation the and fraud is passed-that ObamaCare get to order in lied Obama President that FACT a now is It
http://t.co/KPPy34eAfA http://t.co/gBbbUJYRsG ... Scotland in victory great A
guy! early--stupid way show leaving were Springfield--people in bombed really @billmaher hear I
ago. years three this you told I remember but home a purchase can you If long. for market buyer’s a be Won’t
http://t.co/haRfAOBB66 plans healthcare their lose would Americans of millions knew Obama that revealing on @NBCInvestigates Congrats
caught--stupid! get don't just They us. on spy them on spying us about complaining countries the all – Fact
later! Repeal and now Defund http://t.co/3e8yW46znl ObamaCare to thanks plans care health their lost already have 1.5M
office. in him wants anyone that imagine can’t I world. free the of leader dumbest the be may Scotland of .@AlexSalmond
Blackdog. in turbines wind ugly over battle another lost go al-Megrahi 103) Flight Am (Pan terrorist let who man –the .@AlexSalmond
loser. this fighting are Scotland over all Communities Blackdog. of people the by defeat huge a suffered .@AlexSalmond
turbines? wind stupid his w/ world the in countryside beautiful most Scotland--the destroying he's that realize @AlexSalmond will When
turbines.@AlexSalmond wind ugly &amp; inefficient stopping substation defeated They Scotland. Blackdog of people for victory Great
http://t.co/ffCeyI1fuv Medal Gold Double Virginia coveted the awarded been has wine @trumpwinery’s Charlottesville in acres 1300 On
disaster! another just is it way either but - nothing knowing than worse be would it spying the about much too knew Obama if Maybe
lose? to have they do what - chance a Tebow Tim give don't quarterbacks lousy with teams NFL these of some why know don't just I
END? EVER IT -WILL Americans killed brutally IRS NSA spying healthcare - ADMINISTRATION the of out coming lies blatant many so are There
possible! not - world the around allies of leaders the on spying our about know didn't Obama President that think really anybody Does
Premium. Your in Increase 300% a &amp; Change Hope ObamaCare. under it lose to going you’re bad Too plan? care health current your Like
mistake! Terrible http://t.co/z5feKpJfUr China &amp; Iran to going is oil all &amp; chaos utter in Country Qaeda. Al by ravaged being is Iraq
back. taxpayers fault--pay at are parties both but failure $600M their for day all admin Obama blame can Contractors
http://t.co/0CgLKxjXYm launch.” the to up leading days of couple “a until website ObamaCare $1B) (probably $635M test didn't Sebelius
changes! Nothing phones? their tapping is Obama surprised so are allies our why know don’t I
http://t.co/YHelZMCXbi It” Fund To Trump Donald Get Idea? Great A “Got Per-Lee: Myra by @inventorspot Via
http://t.co/rQz1rRvz5H website ObamaCare the vet not did Administration the that admitted has She fired. be to Sebelius for Time
ingenuity. kill will ObamaCare http://t.co/AUxXIKuq26 jobs 1500 cut to plans Scientific Boston tax device ObamaCare’s to Thanks
http://t.co/iwQgbifk5D restaurant Five-Diamond AAA &amp; Five-Star Forbes both is @jeangeorges @TrumpNewYork of restaurant signature The
job! great @DRUDGE--and Birthday --Happy birthday Drudge's Matt was Yesterday
worth! was it than more far me paid he Because @johan_jwc
true! Sadly @bradkovach
more! and rollout website million $635 wasteful and disgusting the discussing be Will 7.00. at morning tomorrow Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
out! them check Go reasonable.price. really a at beautiful really are and Macy's at out are cufflinks and shirts ties Trump of line new The
FIRED! YOU'RE emotion saywith and eyes blue beautiful her into right look office his into Sebelius Secretaty bring should Obama President
tattoos! more no and - football college in quarterback media) the (by unappreciated most the by Tennessee against game Great @10AJMcCarron
victories! many have tomorrow and well sleep - everyone night Good
watch! to time more had I wish exciting-I tonight-very great are games football college these of some that say must I
thought. good a you-always Thank @ManagersDiary
Trump" ~Donald is." fun the where That's present. the on exclusively focusing by future the for plan I but past the from learn to try "I
records! O's get can't but leaders world of conversations phone protected highly the to listen can NSA and U.S. the that amazing it Isn't
mess! pathetic a what - STRAIGHT SHOOT COULDN'T THAT GANG THE of that sadly be will Administration Obama the of legacy the point this At
stupid! really looking is U.S. more much so and LEADERS WORLD of phones tapping caught getting fiasco website dollar million $635 the With
mess NSA.Obama by tapped being were phones cell their that out found countries other of heads the when disgust and anger the imagine you Can
enjoy! taste Great @pbrooks65.
rollout! ObamaCare the suffer we America.Now to flight first its on explodes Hindenburg the voyage.Next maiden its on sunk Titantic First
team! proper the use and culprits the sue again-then over all start and up it blow is do to thing best the broken is website complex a When
accountable? held be finally someone will When http://t.co/w71bC1ryzy $1B over cost will website ObamaCare – Ineptitude of Audacity The
@boonepickens - level.” highest the at compete to want you and compete to want “You
foundation. his through vets for work tremendous does Gary acting great his Besides dinner. @AmSpec at @GarySinise meeting Great
man. fantastic a from me for honor great Award—a Entrepreneur Pickens Boone T. the for you Thank .@BoonePickens
job! presentation—terrific the for you @AmSpec—Thank Lord Jeffrey
do. you work great the for also you--and @AmSpec—Thank Tyrrell Bob
you! crowd—thank Amazing Award. Entrepreneur Pickens Boone T. the &amp; @AmSpec the with evening Great
yourself.” to true be and God in “Trust Trump: MacLeod Mary mother my from advice Good
doing." you're what about can you everything Trump:"Know C. Fred father my from advice Good
exist? yet not does that provide I can What yourself: Ask is. it what out Find offer. to unique something got You've
Wayne John - anyway." up saddling and death... to scared being is "Courage
Thanks. @TrumpTowerNY @OriginalArts1
Champion a Like Think – quest.” a with thoughts are Questions success. breeds success in as discovery breeds “Discovery
be! would premiums new her what seen just had conference press Obama’s at out passed who woman the that determined just was It
Great! @RyDev22
thanks. and Yes @strommer07
accepted. Apology @DanAmira
work. dirty their do to us telling Stop themselves. in go should they then Syria about concerned so are Saudis the If
exciting! Very Award. Entrepreneur Pickens Boone T. the me give will @AmSpec where Washington for leaving be soon I’ll
fired be should officials and roll should Heads administration? Obama the in fiasco website $635M the for accountability the Where’s
http://t.co/GKof5GEdCv attractions tourist visited heavily most NYC's of one is @TrumpTowerNY iconic the Avenue Fifth On
them! arrest &amp; cheaters many the of all on spy could they website-then broken badly the fix to NSA the upon call Obama President doesn't Why
inept! totally look us makes It U.S. the for bad is fiasco website dollar million 635 the ObamaCare against or for you're whether Honestly
name! their from Washington name the removing be will they that announced just have Redskins Washington The - news Breaking
dividends. pays that advantage major = sector your in developments new all of top on Staying edge. your keep succeed to want you If
http://t.co/tkKliU7bxu destination top a is @TrumpSoHo Manhattan downtown in hotel luxurious most The
website. ObamaCare the to Go waste? to time Have
Reagan Ronald Pres. — dreams.” small for great too is “America
dinner. Gala Bartley L. Robert @AmSpec tomorrow’s at Award Entrepreneur Pickens Boone T. the receiving to forward Looking
@AmSpec! &amp; Lord Jeffrey to you Wow--thank http://t.co/lgCNnMMTsA Entrepreneur” America’s Trump: “Donald Lord: Jeffrey by @AmSpec Via
thanks! Great @SGTeel
@DanMarino - talent.” of lot a having is so but - advantage an is home-field the “Sure
justice! face to home back you take to me want you Unless @MissUniverse. from banned you’re Snowden Edward to Message
Hall! City Crocus in @ThomasARoberts &amp; @OfficialMelB of duo wonderful the by Hosted Moscow! to comes @MissUniverse 9th November On
http://t.co/3mIrqrqG2D listen to sure Be disaster. web ObamaCare the Discussing @SteveDeaceShow. with interview an Doing
http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU course golf public top LA's to amenities elite &amp; luxury brings @TrumpGolfLA Award Diamond Star 5 the of Winner
http://t.co/foGcQyOIZy record on weather in years extreme least the of one was 2013 warming? global the Where’s
project. re today @teamcavuto on is John http://t.co/4BaW1ECkzD @fundanything on Made’ ‘American show new @Dratzenberger’s fund Help
http://t.co/qdXaFOo1jl course” golf Dubai for tour PGA eyes “Trump @ArabianBusiness: Via
Thanks. @bgholms
luck. good Thanks @RajvirBoparai
Ryan. Hi @SongMemories @MacFaddenRyan
ago. time long a fired been should’ve Carter Graydon good. look @NYMag even make they that poorly so doing is magazine .@VanityFair
thanks. Great @willdavenport1
it! miss restaurant—don’t point destination a is and accolades winning is @TrumpChicago “Sixteen”
Restaurant... Diamond 5 Star 5 a &amp; Hotel Diamond 5 Star 5 a w/ America No. in hotels few very of one is Chicago Tower &amp; Hotel Int’l Trump
fired. get They @ukn96
luck. good you Thank @Beliefheals
minutes! two in Friends and Fox Doing
dollars! ZERO for website ObamaCare pathetic the fix and build would that companies technology American great many have we that bet would I
place! first the in them use he didn't why fact In website. failed the fix to Google from people the get just Obama President doesn't Why
wishes! best nice Very @Richardjnandlal
question! Good @ArcturusRex4.
MONEY! YOUR "Ragazine"-SAVE York New biased totally abd boring failing the to subscription their cancels possible everybody hope I @NYMag
WEBSITE! LAUGHING.$635000000 AND WATCHING IS WORLD THE COUNTRY. OUR TO EMBARRASSMENT AN AND DISASTER TOTAL A IS OBAMACARE OF ROLLOUT THE
Beggars! Trump?" Donald of think you do "What - question same the ask they years for done has Magazine York New interview every In @NYMag
biased. Totally fired! be would he responsible were they death-if my for calling Magazine York New at editor top a imagine you Can @NYMag
great! once was bad Too biased. very also is it boring very While Magazine. York New at bad looking really are numbers Wow @NYMag
own! its on fail will time-it their wasting are it fighting are who those all disaster.Maybe a is ObamaCare website its like Just
explain to Congress before go to fired.Refuses be or resign should rollout ObamaCare horrendous the for responsible was who Sebelius Secy.
today! show your doing Great 9. Nov on Moscow from live Pageant Universe Miss the of host fantastic a be will you Thomas @ThomasARoberts
know. me Let protest. in @NYMag to subscription their cancel will statement reprehensible @DanAmira's read that everyone hope I
worse! get only will it @DanAmira like Editor Sr. idiot an with poorly so doing is @NYMag wonder No
ashamed. be should You are. magazine your and you desperate how shows that like statement terrible A @NYMag @DanAmira
scandal! a is This "leaders"? our are stupid How website. failed the for to money that all paid U.S. the that firm the out kicked Canadians
leadership need - World the of talk the be would we number that half had U.S. the If quarter. third in 7.8% accelerated growth China's Wow
lifting. heavy their do us have Just responsibility. want don’t They Council. Security UN on spot down turned Saudis surprise No
failure. magazine’s the suffer @NYMag writers dishonest the watching love I
fold. just &amp; pain end Should http://t.co/JxJbMIJ1WX bi-weekly going is it losses 2013 record its w/ that dismal so are sales @NYMag’s
hour.” “amateur it call just Let’s amateurs. total by run being is country Our
work. to back Americans put to way Terrible website? our developing company Canadian a imagine you Can
worldwide. millions to faith &amp; hope brought has work &amp; life His birthday. 95th @BillyGraham’s Rev. attending be to Honored
ever. events Universe Miss beautiful most and biggest the of one be will This
contest. the of history year 62 the in time first very the for Russia in place take Pageantwill UNIVERSE® MISS 2013 The
you. Thank @TrumpScotland @nbrenewables
you. Thank @TrumpLasVegas @WayneEtnyre
you. thank nice So @jacknicklaus @MikeBloomberg @WSJSports @southpaw816
Thanks! @itscharlotteann
terrible! - company Canadian a to bid SINGLE a was fiasco website ObamaCare
NOTHING for 000 000 $535 ALMOST SPENT GOVERNMENT OUR NOTHING. almost for people imaginative and smart very with websites beautiful build I
INCOMPETENCE 071067 $292 to bloated then It 081. 744 $55 for company CANADIAN a to given was website ObamaCare the build to contract The
(now)! feet our below just lies that "energy" the of all after going start must and fast) (and TAXES LOWER MUST State York New way the By
mind! in else something have I - York New of Governor for run to wanting myself see don't just I but support great the of all for Thanks
CBS. on PM 11:35 it. to forward tonight--looking @LateShow Letterman David the on I'm
learn. to opportunity an as day every advantage--see your to information use and Gain
picture. big the of belong--out they where people and thoughts negative Keep perspective. in everything put will attitude winning A
share. market major Losing bigger. screen IPhone the make must Apple
economy. for Terrible fracking. and drilling stopping by renaissance industrial American killing is administration Obama
http://t.co/TbVF619r1G masterpiece" unlikely their finish tycoon business American and Bear "Golden @Golfmagic: Via
http://t.co/tcKbJcdjb4 reward RECORD $1M @fundanything's w/ crowdfunding to it bring I success. American of engine is Entrepreneurship
luck! Good entrepreneurs. for book great -- Touch' 'Midas Read .@BMP_Music_Event
luck! Good entrepreneurs. for book great -- Touch' 'Midas Read @BMP_Music_Event
forget!!!!!! others let don't and successes your for credit Take will. else nobody back the on yourself pat don't you if Remember
place! first the in brought been have should never It S.E.C. the with case ridiculous the won Cuban Mark that glad I'm
all! to job Good GREAT! it made and disaster a over took I Point. Ferry at Links Trump public the showing yesterday was it day great a What
thanks. and True @jacknicklaus @MikeBloomberg @WSJSports
you. thank nice So @bahia6085
Thanks. @DJCastiello
you. Thank @GlobalGolfPost
you. Thank @missharleyd49
http://t.co/lS8xG8LGm8 staff! Vegas Las my to Congrats Meal. Daily The by LV in Service” Room “Best rated just was .@TrumpLasVegas
jobs! &amp; people of Lots spectacular. was @jacknicklaus &amp; w/@MayorBloomberg cutting Ribbon Point. Ferry at Links Golf Trump left Just
all! to NYC—congratulations for thing Great years. the over championships major many host will Point Ferry at Links Golf Trump
N.Y.C.! to prestige &amp; $'s tremendous bring and tournaments major many host will that course golf championship great a be will Links Trump
POINT. FERRY at LINKS TRUMP of opening the for Nicklaus Jack and Bloomberg Mayor with A.M. 10 at ribbon cutting be Will
Reagan Ronald Pres. – existence." own its for need the possible as far as eliminate to be should purpose "Welfare's
way. this win Can’t bidding. Obama’s doing are Senators senior Many themselves. against negotiating on intent seem Republicans
http://t.co/3Uk72QO4YX (cont) medical ‘pre-existing’ for treated being now is &amp; rights his read immediately was Libi Al terrorist Qaeda Al
Birthday! Happy @B_Cat41 @KarenAsh1560
Champion a Like Think them.” of any underestimate not Do powers. of combination formidable a are prescience &amp; knowledge “Experience
nice! so - boy little Ivanka's of birth the on me to sent congratulation wonderful the for all to Thanks
proud! very are Ivanka and Jared boy. baby healthy a had just Ivanka daughter beautiful My
you. thank nice So @Roc_Cayard
fight. good the up Keep TROUBLE. SERIOUS IN IS COUNTRY OUR LIKE STATE OUR confidence! great your for you Thank @BillNojay
@fud31 by @nypost via http://t.co/fcVdLyVxPr run" governor for Trump Donald eye "GOPers
yet. decision Perhaps--no @Prince_Keign
http://t.co/5gTwYE68hN friendlier fan &amp; challenging more is course golf signature Monster:@TrumpDoral's Blue for look New @SunSentinel:
Thanks--@Macys.com @yankeefan3000
Thanks. @ComplexGenius
you. Thank @IanCurbishley
honor. My @AlyssaMenasci
resort! finest country's the be will It @SkiingElvis
Thanks. @905K9
market! the in standing their losing They're now--asap! screen larger a to go must Apple addition an As
up. give don't and it on focus Then crucial. That's work. your for passion have to have You @AlyssaMenasci
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking and possibilities and opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep @905K9
http://t.co/ykloZgMUEx holes 27 to expanded been has Beach Palm Int’l Trump Award Diamond Star 6 &amp; @GolfMagazine course top a Ranked
Great. @AnnetteNavaret
Christine. you Thank @christineinsatx
you! of proud all are We school. at work great the up keep and - baby my to birthday Happy @TiffanyATrump
you! Thank @AdityaTaday
gone? money the has where - working to close come even doesn't which website ObamaCare the building rich got Somebody
disaster site-&amp; ObamaCare the on million $635 spent government our how understand to unable am I but etc. websites about deal great a know I
news! Great @TrumpChicago @IvankaTrump
you. Thank @PiersMorganLive @kfonkwa
true! and you Thank @wrhitchcock
True! @Giants @KeithR69
you. Thank @CaroleCJF
Thanks. @piersmorgan @redneckcowboy_1
respect no yet military greatest have We http://t.co/vIM7i2QDAH superpower world as China see already allies including countries Many
work? don't they and websites on $635M over spend you do How
it. in appear to honored was I Episode. 250th the for Award Emmy the winning for Studio Actors the Inside and Lipton Jim to Congrats
history. US in killer job greatest the ObamaCare http://t.co/4tCiuu97K2 high month 6 a 21.5% to soared claims jobless Weekly
Quickly. @BarackObama @NeanderthalMan1
him. with disagree we if even man good a is Piers @PiersMorganLive @jacobmathews
angry! he’s wonder Douglas—no by screwed got brother Durst’s Douglas think I Personally
Nast? Conde with lease a of out get to Center Trade World the use to allowed Durst Douglas is Why
building! or house a alone let doghouse a design to @Richard_Meier use wouldn’t I
others! downtown--&amp; designed he buildings with problems many had has architect overrated highly a @Richard_Meier
at! looked being is he immediately—because disbanded be to Commission Moreland the for pushing is @AGSchneiderman Lightweight
Champion a Like Think – happen.” they when and if shocked be shouldn't We life. of part all are losses &amp; mistakes setbacks “Problems
them." beyond get to fight &amp; Work way. your in obstacles and people of lots have You’ll for. fighting worth it’s doing worth it’s “If
Interesting! MICROSOFT. of CEO next the be should IBM of CEO retired Palmisano Sam thinks Welch Jack
you. Thank @jmackd10
winner! total a is he John Tell @suereformer
amazing." truly @realDonaldTrump with interview his seen have should David now! 4th @guardian @DailyMirror @piersmorgan @DigGower
amazing! been have must mother great-your are dad and family Your @TrainSpartanFit
deal." a do to how on advice 's @realDonaldTrump to listen and CNN into tune to Washington in politician every urge I @piersmorgan
minutes! 10 - PM 9 - interest of topics other many and leadership SHUTDOWN Obama discuss I and Piers as tonight CNN Watch @piersmorgan
http://t.co/1LRwKRARsy 9PM. at tonight @piersmorganlive on be will I
hope!) (I interesting. very be Will PM. 9 at CNN on tonight show @piersmorgan doing be I’ll
http://t.co/vGGmsi0YJi hotel luxurious most Honolulu's is @TrumpWaikiki will. else one no royalty like yourself treat don’t you If
demands. @GOP all meet would he then because it think doesn’t really he shame a It’s showdown. this during terrorists @GOP called has Obama
http://t.co/O4hKAX2iUm (cont) debt Doubled history. nation’s our in spender debt &amp; deficit profligate most the is Obama
3/16/06 Obama Sen. - failure." leadership of sign a is limit debt America’s raising debate to today here are we that fact "The
Americans! all for ObamaCare Delay momentum. &amp; leverage the have @SpeakerBoehner &amp; @GOP low. record a 37% at is approval job Obama’s
disgrace. absolute an That’s memorial. WWII barricade to continues he yet country our protest to illegals for Mall the open can Obama
http://t.co/x3Pb0vmiC2 (cont) intellect. the frustrates and soul the satisfies It complicated. endlessly and simple deceptively is “Golf
you. Thank @AmberLay2013
you. Thank @Shadowbat
Great! @theRealKiyosaki @Armani_G_
Champion a Like Think – going!” yours Get definitive: is momentum regarding you to advice “My
Florida. of beauty the ruin not &amp; aesthetics to cater also to have they but safety is important Light—Most &amp; Power Florida Re
them? against suit action class major a Maybe want. we what us give can’t they &amp; Light &amp; Power Florida to year a $’s of millions pay I
Gretzky Wayne - take.” don't you shots the of 100% miss “You
assets. on Focus assets. acquire or create to work They money. for work not do Touch Midas their develop who Entrepreneurs
http://t.co/anamGuDUrE shadow its in you’re then @TrumpChicago star 5 the at staying not you’re if Avenue Michigan above stories 96 At
Miami. sunny in acres 800 on renovation $250M http://t.co/Jh4GkBJi2z rooms” hotel 800 boast will project “@TrumpDoral @trdmiami: Via
Champion a Like Think – works.” that mindset a It’s solution. the much-emphasize so problem the emphasize “Don’t
leadership! Obama's under U.S. will.The I personnel military our of burials the for necessary money the give doesn't Government U.S. the If
SAD! burials. for money given be not will action in killed personnel MILITARY U.S. of families that disgusting and outrageous is It
Genall! thanks notice I @GenallKasmikha
late! too is it before leadership decisive and smart of need desperate in is country Our action. no and talk all it's Obama President With
talking-WORK! stop to time It's President. our from day after day words and rhetoric old same the to listening of tired so just I'm
sued. be will or ones new in put should They Miami. in Doral outside poles utility rotting disgusting has Light &amp; Power Florida
Light. and Power Florida is country the in companies utility worst the of one opinion my In
tape? video the about What http://t.co/nDVIfOLM96 Benghazi in involved was Qaeda Al admitted just has House White The
Change. &amp; Hope for much So case? basket economic an become would country our think ever you Did
weak. us made has spending government Reckless http://t.co/LRVaKB6ZiG default to not us warning are Japan and China reality new The
spot! new the on Greta to Congrats show. 7PM inaugural @gretawire’s on time great a Had
message. on &amp; united stay Must leverage. has .@GOP
focus! your Keep harmless. be will critics respect self and efforts your in steadfast are you If
confidence. inspire to important it's and challenge the to rise will They people. from best the Expect
Thanks. @kimfeather177
True. @Redskins @Jon_dennis82
Thanks. @bobbymayojr @myangel82
you. Thank @jeffanie
correct! politically all at not and discriminating highly is it because House" "White the of name the change to wants Obama President
nonsense themnot on FOCUS problems! bigger far has country name-our their change to Redskins Washington the telling be not should President
turn! interesting shutdown—an the re Congress at are they than President the at angrier far are people that is sense My
Champion a Like Think emotion" negative a &amp; attitude defeating a is It life. your of part any in place into settle to fear allow not “Do
win. can they message on and united stay they If leverage. more even has @GOP approaching limit debt the With
Newton Isaac - bridges.” enough not and walls many too build “We
cuts. for Room furloughed. are workers federal nondefense of 41% while shutdown the during running still is government the of 83%
games. play not and vets our to respect show to needs He Iran. than memorial DC a visit to wanting vets WWII on tougher is Obama
job! his on focus to needs name.He its change to @Redskins owned privately the harassing now is Obama yet down shut is Government
Great! open. parks Wisconsin all keeping and Feds the ignoring is @GovWalker people his for strong Standing
food! great &amp; http://t.co/JrjBe4aRat standard luxury City’s York New sets @TrumpTowerNY attraction tourist top and building iconic An
laughingstock! a is COUNTRY OUR negotiate! then and - budget a provide to duty important very a has Administration Obama The
future! the in happens what see Let's you. thank I ran never I While @kdawnpatterson
Champion a Like Think – be.” can you best the be to yourself with “Compete
Nicholson Jack – dead.” you’re believe I learning not you’re that minute “The
@CBSMiami via http://t.co/IkubS8qk1S Makeover” A @TrumpDoral Giving Are “Trumps
revealing. Very twitter. use to Iranians the forbids he Obama to nothings sweet tweets Iran of Pres. the While
misconduct?http://t.co/4rO77pskNA prosecutorial repeated his for investigated be General Attorney hack lightweight will When
http://t.co/4rO77pskNA crook? a he Is Schneiderman. Eric General Attorney State York New lightweight about today editorial read Must
TV! see Must acting. Great suspense. Fantastic @NBCBlacklist. show smash new the of success the on @nbc to Congrats
http://t.co/P8IwI74hF6 (cont) is wants @GOP All friends. his for exemptions ObamaCare 4 drawn unconstitutionally &amp; unilaterally has Obama
exemptions? w/their Congress &amp; businesses big besides whom for Affordable Act.’ Care Affordable ‘The ObamaCare call to misnomer Total
http://t.co/AtxvlC3rQM @TrumpDoral and 2016 Putin ObamaCare shutdown govt. the on w/@kingsthings interview #Politicking @OraTV My
Thanks! @JackMartin32
true! So @PIERPAOLOMONNI
great! book—really bestseller @marklevinshow’s read Just
windmills. disastrous environmentally destroying land killing bird concerning ruling Judge’s the on Scotland of people to Congrats
Billionaire a Like Think – easier.” lot a it make perseverance and work hard but what matter no difficult is “Life
Big Think – decision.” your around everything to in tuning requires instincts your with “Going
Thanks. @TheMikeAwesome
http://t.co/e2jkGV7DP4 article. page Front judge! smart Scotland—very in farm wind on ruling Great
Touch Midas – build.” they assets the from but work from come not does wealth that realize not do entrepreneurs “Most
Riley Pat - attitude.” great from naturally springs effort “Great
miserably. failed they course of And rollout. ObamaCare the for prepare to years 4 had administration Obama
loser. job perpetual a She's http://t.co/W6d60Oiecc jobs their losing people more to led has incompetence continued @TheTinaBeast’s
memorial. the into get to trying vets WWII for respect no have Democrats the and Obama
2014. in defeated be will monstrosity ObamaCare the on spending deficit on Obama with sticking Democrats Red-State Many
harder. even hit be will families American coal on war Obama’s with now And record. new A months. 34 for $33/gallon over been has Oil
fun. aren't primaries &amp; House in majority them gave Party Tea memories. term short have strategy @GOP against plotting Repubs ‘Moderate’
surplus. budget a has she &amp; low record a at is unemployment Youth Germany. of Chancellor the as job fantastic a doing is Merkel Angela
http://t.co/7sLx4k35Z1 @SharkGregNorman by designed course world-class a features @Trump_Charlotte Norman Lake the of shores the On
RTV. on PM 9 tonight Watch agreed. I me—&amp; to great always was him—he with interview an do to me asked @kingsthings King Larry friend My
Champion a Like Think – control.” taking That’s will. you and succeed to power the have you that out inside from “Know
http://t.co/SHszxX9M9J landmark. legendary Beach’s Palm is Mar-a-Lago world the in club private elite most The
mess. a what Thanks @Greek_Boy_21
agree. I @BillageT1
screen. larger a to go must They @TimWristen
'15. of Spring @seanparts
course. tough really on round congrats--great son your Tell @McLeanGolf
you. Thank @andypoo19
hike. 237% average an suffer NE in Women hike. 305% get NC in Men http://t.co/KakYqO8Xbb Obamacare” under soar to costs Insurance “Study:
day. a for alone left being like Markets shutdown. government of day first the during yesterday rose Stocks
players. @MLB to message strong sends And @Yankees. the for Good suspension. long a get will He nowhere. go will appeal A-Rod’s
happen will things big &amp; big think positive Stay daily. businesses build &amp; deals make to trying are US the across entrepreneurs Young
pain any feel won’t Washington premiums rising w/ hit be will Americans While subsidy. ObamaCare their down vote to refused Democrats
lingo. the understand can’t elderly and up sign can’t people down are Websites swing. full in is disaster ObamaCare The
@netanyahu @IsraeliPM - verify." and dismantle Distrust advice: my here's program weapons nuclear Iran's to comes it "When
weapons. nuclear get to Iran allow not will @Israel that world the to statement strong a was address UN @netanyahu’s @IsraeliPM
Trump. Donald was? guest first her who Guess http://t.co/IhmmXHig9r ratings strong very w/ debuts show Fox new @GretchenCarlson's Congrats
late! too years banks—but after going started he banks after going not of Schneiderman Eric AG lightweight accused we when banks Sorry
doing. you're what about can you everything Know bases. your Cover #3.
effort. concentrated your of 100% than less nothing requires successful Being focused. totally Be #2.
it. at successful be to doing you're what love to have passionate--you Be #1.
office! hold to allowed be even shouldn't past-he his into Look N.Y. of out jobs &amp; business driving is A.G. lightweight State's York New
doing! is he job like not Do Chairman. as out Gates Bill want investors MICROSOFT top three Wow
broken! badly is government Our day. disastrous a it made breakdowns technical ObamaCare about talk the of all with imagine you Can
@jack_welch - be.” to it wish you as or was it as not is it as reality “Face
Billionaire a Like Think - excuse." no is there economy worst the in Even times. all at work at be should money “Your
shutdown this during united remain to Republicans for crucial is It
spending. more wanted who Congresses Democrat with Bush and Reagan under 14 1976 since shutdowns 17 been have There
lie. Another http://t.co/4vxsEvPdon states. 10 these in Not plan?” care health your keep can “you promised Obama when Remember
Thanks. @TheeKentBailey
@fundanything http://t.co/NZh2ycczGv Cut--&gt; Directors movie guy bad his make to help your needs @pennjillette guy Nice
success! big a be will Gretchen Story.’ Real ‘The show new her on guest inaugural @GretchenCarlson's be to honor an was It
Thanks. @jamesreid88
lead! to failed has He Congress. in them vote even don’t Democrats years. 4 in budget single a passed not has Obama
believe! Don’t 2014. for prospects electoral their helps it think They shutdown. this want Democrats the &amp; Obama
http://t.co/LU6CDh7VTD attractions finest city’s the of heart the in located is @TrumpTO Star 5 65-story the hotel #1 Toronto’s Rated
http://t.co/rBqh3KwfZZ Uninsured" Of Number Increase May It Irony: Bitter "ObamaCare's @IBDeditorials: via editorial read Must
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers
bad! win".Very can't "we said just McCain Sen. together. sticking NOT are they together-but stick they if win absolutely can Republicans The
same! the do to plan others as disbelief in acts he Now CEILING. DEBT THE INCREASE TO NOT voted Obama Senator then 2006 in that Remember
Fuller Buckminster Richard – successful.” everything of essence the is “Integrity
http://t.co/aIUe2dSaNf decreased. have seizures gun while spiked-- have victims &amp; shootings gun down struck was frisk &amp; stop Since
stop. ever impact--don't positive a having really are You @FoxNews. you seeing Great Dee-- Dee @FoxNews @GretchenCarlson @deedeegop
kind! a of one truly are too you Larry--and Thanks @TrumpNewYork @kingsthings
Birthday! Happy @growingupbryce
landmark! A http://t.co/82lbwXpKed view distinct a unit every gives design twisting original Vancouver's Tower &amp; Hotel Int'l Trump
success. facilitate to necessary techniques the of one are skills negotiation powerful and itself in art an is Business
Fed. the on dependent too way are futures The now. right investing of wary Be fragile. extremely is market commodity The
anyway! shutdown eventually will country our then implemented fully is ObamaCare if but down shut to government the wants one No
Thanks! @BrennenChase
you! Thank @mikemarchlik
(NY). office my in Jackie call there work to like would you Danyella-if you Thank @DanyellaAngel
nice. boy Cute @Eamyoncanoe
Karlie! Thanks @karliejanowski
less much costs and people the for works that something - Obamacare than plan better much a have can we leadership and thinking proper With
BETTER! MUCH DO CAN WE work. doesn't importantly most and pages) of (thousands complicated toooo far expensive toooo far is Obamacare
place! crazy a is world The other. no like times treacherous are these - smart so and careful so be to has leadership it's and country Our
next? What's this! now and Syria leadership. our of stupidity the at laughing and time buying - president our with toying is Iran
from. coming they're where and wants side other the what about Think yourself. to it keep and want you what exactly Know negotiation: Re
Ford Henry - goal.” your off eyes your take you when see you things frightful those are “Obstacles
inventory. rising of because suppliers with orders cut just has Walmart numbers. job manipulated the believe Don’t
#MakeDCListen complicated. too apparently translate google Hitting http://t.co/s6xVqlpdJH delayed website ObamaCare of version Spanish
employees. replacement part-time and taxes higher premiums increased 300% of goodies all with in kicks ObamaCare Monday On
Washington. in dysfunction total is There now. leadership needs country Our
it” own it love you “If http://t.co/xQZ3LuZHd4 market Vegas the in residences elite &amp; luxurious most the are @TrumpCondosLV Star Five
persistent. and patient remain momentum--and your keep focus your Keep want. you what in believe to have You
@Macys.com sold are shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the sales online about asking been have who those of all For
true! and Thanks @cripplecreek101
jobs! of lots and - Bronx the for good really something do to able was I that happy so am I
course! Great to). go should all (which Park Central in rink skating ice the saved and built I when of version scale large a is this Yes
yes! point Good @stretch33701
NY. for BIG be will - finished project old decades this get to courage and foresight the having for administration Bloomberg the Credit
NYC. to championships-$'s major and tournaments many hold years the over and GREAT be will course Point Ferry at Links Trump called be To
fast done it got and "ass" kicked I project late years and expensive very the over take to Trump selected administration Bloomberg the Once
complete-GREAT! now years many for construction under been has that NYC in Bridge Whitestone the by water the on project course golf big The
Champion a Like Think – diligent” be to and hard work to simply is success to way own your pave to way good very “A
#DefundObamaCare #MakeDCListen Reagan Ronald extinction."- from away generation one than more never is "Freedom
#MakeDCListen DEFUND! increases. premium 300% face million 46 ObamaCare. to due jobs their lose to going are Americans million 7
#MakeDCListen people? American the not Why ObamaCare. from exempt are staffs leadership House and administration Obama Both
http://t.co/s8IVxhd3VP River Potomac the on acres 600 over grace courses two @TrumpGolfDC’s Award Diamond Star 5 the of Winner
http://t.co/1HTrlVDhpQ uniforms school kids underprivileged buy to goal $3000 a has @fundanything campaign Everyone’ 4 ‘Uniforms
terrific! is Barbara @BarbaraJWalters. to wishes birthday belated Happy
http://t.co/2Nukg8JNLS Penthouse” Presidential Million $50 Unveils York New “@TrumpSoHo @MarketWatch: Via
@theRealKiyosaki with Touch Midas – drive.” and attitude values your share who people with “Partner
@rupertmurdoch - slow.” the beating fast the be will It anymore. small beat not will Big fast. very changing is world “The
Birthday! Happy @ColetonEmr
Big -Think winning." like nothing is successes--there greater and greater to lead that successes small with starting confidence “Build
smart! Be marketing. good through enhanced be can locations all estate real In
#MakeDCListen DEFUND!! http://t.co/uKIx7zg2JO women for 62% and men for 99% by premiums market individual increase will ObamaCare
Fast! Frack &amp; Now Frack balance. trade &amp; security national jobs for Good http://t.co/dnZXz1RyIU economy our saving is boom shale The
http://t.co/HnVd3OMLOJ furniture” high-end Home Trump introduce to “Dorya Hodnett: W. Cindy by @FurnitureToday Via
#MakeDCListen election? the before bill the of parts significant delaying Obama is why then amazing so is ObamaCare If
Change. &amp; Hope for much So request. the denied Iranians the yet president Iranian the with meet to wanted Obama
is. he tough how show to order in Iran attack someday will said--Obama previously I what Remember
respect! President?—Zero great our with meet to refused Iran of head the believe you Can
now! right turmoil in be not would country our ObamaCare on decision correct the made had Roberts Justice If
roof!). the through go ratings her watch (and Bravo on 9.00 at Tonight oblige. to happy am I and advice for me asks NeNe @NeNeLeakes
Lombardi Vince - score?” keep they do why everything isn't winning “If
Champion a Like Think – lucky.” be and work think words other In forward. yourself move to time the “Take
Lee. &amp; Cruz Senators hit they way the Democrats the and Obama attack don’t Republicans of class ruling the shame a It’s
disaster! A ready!http://t.co/Xfta8lOUAA not are exchanges business small ObamaCare’s implementation from away week one than Less
http://t.co/OYNdom1xvJ $7450 by increase will healthcare truth In 4. of family for $2500/yr lower would premiums promised Obama
delusional? he Is ago.” years 5 was it than stable more is world “the that UN the told Obama
deserved! well and done Well Cup! PGA the retaining for @AllenWronowski Capt. &amp; USA Team to Congrats
http://t.co/FHMuFXId4B home a them find and K9s veteran rehabilitate to seeks campaign Dogs Military Veteran @fundanything's
Bravo on PM 9 at tonight prenups on advice my seeks .@NeneLeakes
you. Thank @99or1youdecide
GUIDANCE. oblivion! to moves wrong the greatness to lead will moves right now.The right path slippery and triky very a on is @MileyCyrus
go! must outfit night's last but hotels) my at stays she because not (and person good a is think I who @MileyCyrus of defender a am I
Thanks. answer." nation's our is @realDonaldTrump But admirable. very is She Clinton. Hilary like "I @Miranda_Diplo
him. with down her bringing is that calamity a is He Weiner. sicko the dump should Huma
blackouts. to lead &amp; prices electricity raise work of out Americans put industry coal the destroy will regulations coal Obama’s
people? American the on it forcing they are why So businesses. big or themselves for ObamaCare want don’t Congress in Democrats The
defund! &amp; strong stand thing right the do must @GOP decreased. hours work and double premiums their have nationwide Americans
lies. believe Don't continue. services essential All @AP. via http://t.co/Ny6RxVYiP0 shutdown” doesn’t gov't the truth the “Here’s
history. in @Yankees best the of One man. exceptional an &amp; house club the in leader A time. all of closer greatest is Rivera Mariano
@bradwyman @pennjillette http://t.co/NZh2ycczGv Cut Director’s film crowdfunded new in side dark his shows Jillette Penn
Office. Post DC w/ job great a doing is Ivanka Week. the of Player Power @FoxNewsSunday named being on @IvankaTrump to Congratulations
http://t.co/CF3CXGnNac Power” “Trump @MikeSeemuth: by @successmagazine Via
night. Good winners. the know already I football! watch to going I'm show. Terrible boring! sooooo are Emmys The
CRAZY! with? start to position this in put ever he was Awards?How Emmy the or show Harris Patrick Neil the it Is
ridiculous! is game Jets shots. Big fun. the down Slowing games. NFL of enjoyment the destroying are Referees
National-Westchester! Trump at today on going things Big
Thanks. @teamreiss8
M. thanks good Really @MelissaIl
birthday! Happy @PatsIntensity
talent! real have You great. is it you Thank @OriginalArts1
anyway! good no is healthcare the way the by and oblivion into country our drive will it - Obamacare defund to unite must Republicans
person. good really a is @MileyCyrus that believe I people. judge to ability the is success anybody's) (or my of part important An
Adams John other.”-- any of government the to inadequate wholly is It people. religious &amp; moral a for only made was Constitution “Our
Jefferson Thomas - majority.” a is courage with man “One
http://t.co/mahENjAx8f menswear in style finest the offers @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump J. Donald The
Change. &amp; Hope Obama's http://t.co/F9xBK63W1y stamps food on households US 23116928 reality. new the to Welcome
http://t.co/xemmzS0trA Brava Playa of sands the to living luxury signature our bring will Este del Punta Tower Trump 2016 in Opening
yrs. 70 in lowest is rate participation Labor 15%. is rate unemployment force work the left have who people include you If
Cathy. Thanks @SamShahrooz @CorsoC311
Lexxay. Hi @LexiPerez96
Defund! waivers. got gov’t &amp; business big see They passed. it get to lied Obama see They ObamaCare. hate large &amp; by Americans
ObamaCare. defunding to shutdown government tying and strong standing on @SpeakerBoehner to Congratulations
@EricTrump! Congrats http://t.co/r8gIUKu95p Magazine" Enthusiast Wine by Award for Nominated President Winery "Trump @CBS19: Via
FANTASTIC! is she Yes @magmom13
planet! the on animal fastest the like strike then and --- carefully slowly Move
IRAN think! and - slowly move cool Be it. make to desperate seem is deal a in do can you thing worst the that remember must Obama President
careful! be and cool Be occur. can results bad of lots that Iran with deal a make to desperate and fawning so seems Obama President
strong! time—remain of plenty have you and better much do can You Liam. about worry don’t – .@MileyCyrus
supplement—immediately. a as iPhone screen larger a with on get should they Apple in stockholder a As
Samsung. than larger 10% be should Screen replacement. a not unit existing to addition in were iPhone screen larger a on comments My
sense. economic make not does that accomplishment engineering Amazing @geomac24
meeting. Obama after right rating approval 98% a with school a against of) (unheard Saturday a on filed was suit Schneiderman's Lightweight
me! against suit a files quickly and president) a as "sucks" me told he (who Obama President with meets Schneiderman Eric A.G. Lightweight
DUMB! acted! not have you believe cannot Samsung business. more even losing risk or fast and iPhone screen large a get Better @iPhoneTeam
GRAVE IN SPINNING IS JOBS STEVE business. their stealing is Samsung IPhone. screen larger a with out come didn't Apple that believe cannot I
yourself! help can't you because left) ever you (if back be You'll free. be never you'll free not Your @Phil_Grech
Yes. @dalasner
office. my to info his Send @LeighAnnMac
you! needed really team your week last game Great @10AJMcCarron
joke! total a is He U.S. the in A.G. respected least and incompetent most the perhaps is Schneiderman Eric A.G. Lightweight
negotiations? settlement during people my from contributions campaign for ask to allowed Schneiderman Eric A.G. lightweight is Why
crook? total A unpunished. goes corruption in billions while rating approval 98% a with school sued Schneiderman Eric A.G. Lightweight
Obamacare! #Defund @seanhannity
amazing! is Monster Blue U.S. in resort best the be will completed When job. construction Massive Miami. in Doral Trump from returned Just
Champion a Like Think - way." right the building That's results. and responsibility intelligence on reputation your "Build
Touch Midas – grow.” will business your personally grow you If program. personal-development a is entrepreneur an “Becoming
Batman. as job great a do to going is @BenAffleck down. calm should Everyone
http://t.co/R85N4o4hra hotel! fabulous most the be to soon Office- Post Old The at day my of Video
today. one to donate and look a take to sure Be http://t.co/CMFrwv0P5t @fundanything on campaigns great are There
early! Too @akendall13
ObamaCare. defunding not of afraid be should They shutdown. government a of afraid be not should leadership .@RNC
work! good the up keep Sean Thanks @seanhannity
Einstein -- size." original its to back comes never idea new a to opens that mind "The
Big Think – tough.” are times if even love you what doing on focusing “Keep
Carnegie Dale - get.” you what wanting is Happiness want. you what getting is “Success
GENIUS! TO MONUMENT a is ship the of uprighting the but STUPIDITY TO MONUMENT a is shipwreck Concordia Costa The
U.S. the mocking are Russia particular in countries Foreign hand. in hand go not do shooting Yard Navy the and Exceptionalism American
spiral! death a do to going just are we soon garbage the of COUNTRY OUR up clean don't we If disaster. horrible a is shooting Yard Navy The
Trump Donald without nowhere be would he because earnings his of 25% least at me pay should He so. you told ratings-I great has @ArsenioHall
http://t.co/Nt3BYffNdD incredible! be will it Group Lodha the with Together Mumbai. Tower Trump project newest our announce to proud am I
punished? be they should Why Americans. regular for monstrosity the waive must Congress implemented. is ObamaCare until days 15 Only
#JoinMITeam up! it Keep grassroots. the energizing early out is @MIGOP Snyder-Calley. under progress great made has Michigan
this. bungled really Obama action. military threatened Obama before was he than today stronger is Assad Bashar
face! save to order in Iran attack point some at will Obama President that predict I
http://t.co/AC2vYQckGz ObamaCare” Defund to Continues War the but Won Battle “A @BreitbartNews: at Bossie David by column Great
http://t.co/Ot06krvMQg Reporting' Amnesty for Award 'Eagle prestigious the awarded being on @mboyle1 @BreitbartNews’ to Congrats
Elisabeth. for today studio in be to Great @foxandfriends! of co-host as day first successful her on @ehasselbeck to Congratulations
fast! back Move bldg.-- Lucky Tower. World Trump left he day season--injured whole for out is Jeter Derek friend my believe can’t I
couple! amazing an importantly more - seen ever have I beautiful most the of one was National Trump at wedding You @AnishaBhasin1
worse) (or incompetent is She close. even wasn't boxing-it of out thrown be should draw a fight the called who judge The @FloydMayweather
less! cost and understand to easier much better far be would that plan a with up come also would I Obamacare end would I say I When
AGAIN! ONCE ALL THEM SHOWED YOU - FLOYD FIGHT GREAT @FloydMayweather
good! looking is Floyd of prediction My @FloydMayweather
#NYFW help. serious need They boring. fun-just no stars No exciting! and glamorous so be to used and bad really is Week Fashion York New
great! do will he - that admits he - Trump J. Donald for not were it if all at back be wouldn't Arsenio remember Just @charliemurphy
chill and back sit must He face. save to order in country our for dangerous and irrational something do doesn't Obama President hope truly I
laughing! are enemies our Syria After http://t.co/8z0K4ULGuy reactor nuclear Yongbyon the on Korea North warning now is Obama
better. get soon will it remember and strong Stay Jersey. New in fire terrible the of victims the to out go Prayers
remembering. for thanks - Mark @MarkSimoneNY
congrats! going Great @umman91
Jan! Thanks @JanMillerCoHost
again-USA! great and strong it make and country own our rebuild us hate that countries other and Syria of out stay talking stop should We
USA THE Syria-FIX basics.Forget to back get to got He's do! I legacy. his save to do to going is Obama Presient what know not do people Most
https://t.co/hQmhmZglnl 9th- November on Russia to going is @MissUniverse talk this all with Wow
Touch Midas – honed.” well are they if especially instincts your “Trust
http://t.co/Y392fPAm97 D.C. Washington Hotel Int'l Trump becoming Bldg Office Post Old the re Cook Peter @BloombergTV's w/ interview My
job! great a Doing players. his for up stands who leader gritty a is Girardi Joe manager .@Yankees
IT! OWN THEY THEN DON’T THEY IF OBAMACARE! DEFUND MUST @GOP HOUSE GAMES! NO
mess! a What weapons. chemical his over turns he before rebels the supporting stop Obama that demanding is Assad Now
times. Dangerous security. national our threatening are who leaders weak have We us. at laughing are Iran and Russia China
http://t.co/SYlApwILjH Acrobatics” Diplomatic “Obama's @DanielPipes: by piece read Must
http://t.co/7FYb3dEQcD 72 par yd 7400 a is Scotland Links Golf Int'l Trump @RobbReport by world the in course golf best Named
gutter. the in up ends it and magazine a over takes She consistent. is @TheTinaBeast least At
her. fired that magazine other every like just Sure @thedailybeast. the leave to decided she that claiming is @TheTinaBeast
great! fired got just She failure. total a is @thedailybeast over. be finally could Brown Tina
WTC. the in son his lost who guy great a to money giving be will I A.M. 8.30 at live &amp;Greg Rosanna with N.Y. Day Good #GDNY doing be will I
weak to looked Country our has President.Never our to lecturing is He U.S. the for disaster a and Russia for masterpiece a is letter Putin's
11th.” September date special this on losers and haters the even all to wishes best my extend to like would I “@realDonaldTrump:
success. into challenges biggest my turned I Up--How Give Never @BrentLudington
Patton S. George - rash.” being from different quite is That risks. calculated “Take
off. us rip to continue speculators oil the &amp; OPEC high? record a at oil is Why
much. not -- is answer The sleep?" you do "when recently asked have people Many
Thanks. @Alan_Saranga
forget! Never attack. under were they while government our by abandoned were operatives security 3 and diplomat a today ago year A
http://t.co/WTJZA0R6UG Pennsylvania... on D.C. Office Post Old The of front in myself and Trump Eric Trump Ivanka Jr. Trump Donald
http://t.co/8fGXzrYYbd attack the after hours Zero Ground at journalist German a with filmed I interview hoc ad An
forgotten! be never will You today. ago years 12 perished who souls brave the all bless God
http://t.co/QQ0uvlPVXN hotels” finest country’s of 1 be will Pavilion Office Post Old DC’s say Trump Ivanka “Donald @AP: Via
Thanks! @ewilli1204
Great! @TammieHarrison
Thanks! room!" awesome and staff Great night. last hotel Chicago your in stayed "@realDonaldTrump @joshskaggs
lucky! got We era." Spitzer another from york new saving for you Thank "@realDonaldTrump @AccountsRS
again! great America make and Syria Forget problems. many our of all and healthcare jobs COUNTRY OUR on focusing start now must Obama
POTENTIAL OF NATION a are fearwe not Do geniuses. all of genius the like look him making is President Our time. good a such having is Putin
UP! GIVE NEVER fear. of out retreated others when him fought I polls. the in up way was he when lose to going was Spitzer Eliot that said I
job! poor really a done has He PRIMARY. the in challenged be will he - next be will Schneiderman Eric lightweight lost Weiner and Spitzer
Weiner or Spitzer than worse see and Wait crook? a he Is Schneiderman. Eric A.G. lightweight be will next - gone is Spitzer gone is Weiner
jackpot! the hit Assad
confused! thoroughly be must rebels so-called The himself. and office the for dignity some keep and try to President the for work to Back
bad! really been have reviews the and laughing is schedule-Putin the on was it because was night last speech a gave Obama reason only The
alone biggies ratingleaves approval 98% a with school a after goes He lose. to next be will Schneiderman Eric General Attorney Lightweight
guy! million.Dopey $40 for sued usthen of investigation his DURING contributions political for us asked Schneiderman Eric A.G. Lightweight
done! be couldn't it said they beginning the in Remember Spitzer. and Weiner defeat to helping for followers Twitter my of all to you Thank
power Good voice! lone a was I that seemed it up way was Spitzer when while a For lost. both and Weiner and Spitzer against hard fought I
City! York New for news great - lost has Spitzer Eliot Wow
that! at lifeline dangerous very a Putin from lifeline a for hope must - minds people's changed President think don't I line Bottom
mess! deeper into drove or situation embarrassing an of out an him given have may They be. will move next Russia's what see to have will We
credit! given be must he that for and hard working is He
next. comes what worries - Assad remove to want Doesn't
manner. articulate and nice a in case his Making
sensitive. too noise-microphone distracting and loud a making podium the hitting keep hands presidential-his and smart sharp look he Does
go! we Here
lucky! so all are Twitter-you on 9.00 at speech Obama's President covering be Will
Obama. President for disaster a was statement line Red
trouble! in President bad. hopelessly look U.S. and Obama makes government-and Syrian the for victory guarantees strategy Russian new This
Dangerous! foolish. look U.S. making and Syria for time of lots buying are they meantime the In game. smart very a playing are Russians The
luck! Great--good books" your all have I mentor. great a are you "@realDonaldTrump @AustinOdusanya1
jobs. many produce &amp; great be will It @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @Universifize
alert. on remain women All vengeance. a with sexting back be will He 12:01AM. at man free a is Danger-Weiner
information. is commodity great A news. all on date to up keep to imperative is it industry your in competitive stay to order In
true! So @Toure @CARepublican12
you. Thank @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @HouseDealsNow
speech during tweeting be tonight!"I'll speech Obama's about say to has @realDonaldTrump what hear to wait "Cant @Frankie_Rap
angry. so is He operandi. modus Toure's It's http://t.co/wsU63xRkHo CNN” ON MELTDOWN RACE-BAITING EPIC HAS TOURÉ “MSNBC'S
Birthday! Happy @1996Goldberg
Soon! @VinceMcMahon" @wwe? to return u will when "@realDonaldTrump @Wasimperviz
winner! total Olivia=a @SherriHill @MissTeenUSA @MissUSA @MissUniverse
know! never You be?" that would sad How business? own his running Obama imagine you Can "@realDonaldTrump @bahia6085
Thanks. read)" great a is (this Touch -Midas @realDonaldTrump Successful Until Course One Follow - "F.O.C.U.S. @ellevarner
ruse. a all is This them. accumulating billions and years spent has He weapons. chemical his up give never will Assad
@NBC on 8/7c at Monday on @RyanSeacrest watch and app @millonseconds the Download me? with quiz a take to Want
Amateurs! years. by back stature &amp; deterrence America’s set have They hour. the by Syria bungling are Kerry and Obama
ET 9pm speech! Obama’s President during tonight tweeting be will I request your at and followers of millions my of all For
@RepWOLFPress http://t.co/rAPzhA2e4C Benghazi! on answers the all deserve We
http://t.co/fM4LDIqsqz #OldPostOffice @erictrump @ivankatrump don_trump_jr U.S. in hotel greatest the be to Soon
http://t.co/jFbLD52nmv D.C. in Office Post Old The at conference Press
http://t.co/yjP3S0QOkV D.C. in landed Just
http://t.co/Ijq41FL7G0 D.C. to down Heading
https://t.co/4T5QoPL93F D.C.- from #TrumpVine
night). last wife his attacked (He disappear! just to has really he - mess a really is Zimmerman George This
luck. Good smash! a be will you and yourself be important-just and successful long be run your may Arsenio @ArsenioHall
jobs! of Lots hotels. great world's of one create Will today. D.C. in Avenue Pennsylvania on Building Office Post Old the to going be I'll
clue! a have don't people these - Syria to respect with Washington in on going is what believe you Do
understand! to enough smart not is He @LonghornHomer
reason one only be there Can abysmal! so are ratings his when air the on stay to Toure like racist stupid a allow network a does Why @Toure
do. people business top the of Many benefit. their to law bankrutcy the used all have Buffett Zell Kravis Icahn
guy stupid ratingsreally bad racist.Really simpleton a else-merely anything or money about clue a have doesn't Toure rock a as Dumb @Toure
dummy billion $10 over worth bankruptcynow for filed never I know would you ratings bad with moron racist dumb a such weren't you If @Toure
Roosevelt -Theodore succeed.” to tried have to never worse is it but fail to hard is “It
http://t.co/Kig0fLOWRK pace record a at cooling is Earth warming.’ ‘global for much So
now! and growth-- need We job. a find than workforce the of out drop to likely more are unemployed The trouble. in is economy Our
Syria?! now And war? Iraq the with accomplish America did What Syria. arm and over fly to rights air full Iran granted has Iraq
answers! No dead. Americans 4 left that Benghazi in attack the of anniversary year 1 the mark will week This
attack. an face will it or weapons chemical Syria’s over hands Assad that demand with 2 line red set has Obama Now
terrific! is She win. @usopen superb her on @serenawilliams to Congratulations
http://t.co/Cnf6k64VNv Spa The &amp; dining fine rooms luxurious of stories 46 -- @TrumpSoHo hotel trendiest Manhattan’s Downtown
http://t.co/B4NhYPf0TJ programs arts and music has school public underfunded an that ensures @fundanything at campaign Arts the Adopt
Jupiter. National Trump at you See help. to #autismsupport--glad with job great a doing are Ernie--You @TheBig_Easy
@SherriEShepherd-http://t.co/IsACcFE5i6 and @JennyMcCarthy with @TheViewTV on fun of Lots #TheView
again! great and strong country our making on Focus U.S. the for trouble but nothing bring will that attack an - Syria attack Don't
Obama! for face save to us-only hate that "rebels" the for fighting we are Why
A.M. 7 at Friends &amp; Fox Doing
Amazing. Tampa. by play defensive dumb really a until over was game That Jets. York New the by comeback great Also
killed! getting are play-Giants great a made just Romo Tony
England! Brady-New Tom by comeback Great
this! than worse much get not Does tonight. far so bad really looking are Giants York New The
http://t.co/4kD7y5kYOh fun! of lots @NFLONFOX- for commercial a Doing
thanks. both need You @FidanizzBig
President! Teflon The - anymore administration Obama the of scandals many the about talking is nobody that notice you Do
Great! @mathewaiken
back! him have to couple-good looking Great @dexterpugh
thanks! - price reasonable really a at stylish most and best the are they because @Macy's great selling are suits and ties shirts My
can't. he but job great a do to him want I @Midgespeaks
day! important) more (and another for "powder" your Save downside. tremendous and upside no is There Syria. attack not do Obama President
there! out racists real the by racist a considered is Obama President attacks who anybody that intetesting it Isn't
oil)! of (lots over it take and in walk will Russia) (with Iran and disintegrating totally is it Iraq with war stupid very our of Speaking
people! stupid very many with dealing are we but you Thank @lucindamac
Obama! us gave he bad so was he fact In etc.). (Iraq President lousy a was also Bush-he George last the of fan a not but Republican a I'm
States! United the of history the in President worst the considered longer no is he that happy so is Carter Jimmy President Former
war. polititian's A areas! civilian into moved been have bomb to going were we things the of much that time much so given been has Syria
ridiculous! destinations-so the bombers stealth the ships exact detailed-the being is attack potential our where News NBC watching Just
idea! that them sell should Obama fired. being shot a without self-destruct would they Obamacare use to forced was Syria If
others! of aid the to come to expected always are we but - helping suggests even or aid our to comes one no disasters big have we When
Deserve We America The – risk.” at Dream American the putting is on head future the face won’t who leader political “Any
Jefferson Thomas - you.” define and delineate will Action Act! ask. Don't are? you who know to want you “Do
campaigner! a just he's leader a not is Obama
them? with fight ever we would Why Christians. murdering are who Islamists jihadi radical are rebels Syrian the of Many
http://t.co/d0cGnTLpzy resort” Doral Trump’s to coming Prime “BLT Sampson: Hannah by @MiamiHerald Via
http://t.co/pavhGj9cIf rebels the of consultant paid a is rebels Syrian on McCain &amp; Kerry by cited being Woman surprise. No
resort. premiere Florida’s South be will @TrumpDoral complete Once pace. on moving are @TrumpDoral at renovations $250M historic The
Touch Midas – rules.’” the makes gold the has who ‘He negotiating: of rule golden the “Remember
late too is it fastbefore and leadership real need We ours. than smarter far are leaders their because China) (or Russia at angry not am I
worse? even look U.S. the make not and behave to them for order in Russia given or promised have "leaders" our much how wonder I
low. remain to therefore rates Interest anticipated. than August in created jobs fewer Far jobs. concerning announced just news bad Really
it. Cool anyone! attack to matter) not does surprise of element the said just (who Generals the including leadership the have don't We
late! too Far attack. Syrian a about Congress to where and when what explaining President our as ridiculous so situation a see ever you Did
stupid! completely so are leaders our because it with away getting and REBELS themselves calling are Syria in terrorists The
pay! should us at laughing are members Leaguewhose Arab the so do to move stupid the make they if but Syria attack not should We
Deal the of Art The – itself.” of care take always will good the – worst the with live can you if – worst the for plan you “If
http://t.co/0judNAN1cU mph 165 of gales during month previous the flames in erupted Ayrshire North Ardrossan in turbine 300ft a while ...
http://t.co/0judNAN1cU ... weather rough in wrecked were turbines 3 '12 January In
conflict. worldwide a into widen to potential the has Syria in war Obama’s Mediterranean. the to ships of fleet a sending is Russia
go! must school a to proximity close in turbine Any http://t.co/0judNAN1cU Scotland in turbine wind a wrecked wind of gust 40mph A
treasure. &amp; blood of waste a was Iraq Syria. on standing zero have should officials administration Bush former All
http://t.co/GVZ8Ao3SI8 Syria” on No Vote Should “Congress @shanevanderhart: by @IowaGOP via read Must
http://t.co/dvzmCu76uv (cont) after not &amp; surprise a as ago time long a it done should’ve he Syria attack to going was Obama President If
http://t.co/e92WHIBCBj (cont) real even &amp; TV done--politics he's everything at failed has Spitzer Eliot that mean would That
@scottmstringer. capable very to Comptroller for election the loses he if Spitzer Eliot to happens what see to interesting be will It
woman. magnificent truly a – yesterday away passed She Foerderer. Norma assistant exec. time long elegant &amp; beautiful my lost just have I
NOTHING! GETS U.S. THE FIGHT THAT FROM &amp; HAPPEN WILL THINGS BAD VERY MANY DO YOU IF - SYRIA ATTACK NOT DO LEADER FOOLISH VERY OUR TO AGAIN
capabilities? nuclear their and Iran of out hell the knock should we maybe Syria attack to us for prepared and waiting is everyone While
rebels! the forget say would you prisoners executing "rebels" the of Times NY the of page front the on picture horrible the at look you If
again! great America Make world. the to policemen the be to trying before country our of problems many the out straighten to Congress Tell
U.S.A. Syriafix attack NOT Do statement. LINE RED dumb very his over face save to is Syria attack to wants Obama President reason only The
that! said he denies he now Amazingly LINE. RED the crossing Syria about talked he when position bad very a in himself put Obama President
you. Thank @Gene_Valin
true! Very @dongibson12
what! or jerk a Weiner Anthony Is
ratings! my love They sucks. show his because no always is answer My show. his on go to me calling constantly are people his and Leno Jay
Thanks. Doug! York New in me to it Send @twojacksdetail
Billionaire a Like Think – you.” for appreciate will property your and property your “Appreciate
ratings! guy/bad Stupid show. @jayleno terminated the on etc—boring) (hair me about things nasty said @billmaher moron this hear I
sucks! Jay him. dumped everybody why understand now I &amp; person loyal a not He's me. defends never he but @jayleno defended always I’ve
Big Think – yourself.” challenging keep momentum keep “To
http://t.co/vGGmsi0YJi Waikiki of sands white the to luxury premiere brings @TrumpWaikiki Attaché Trump of services signature the With
Thanks. @TylerKrist734
Thanks. @dhtherex
year! great a be will it Hopefully Tova. Shana supporters. and friends Jewish my of all to Year New Happy
agenda. the rule Syria let Don’t battle. budget impending the and ObamaCare defunding on focused stay must .@GOP
person. wonderful a and player great a She’s night. last win quarterfinal @usopen flawless a had .@serenawilliams
Syria! of out Stay interest. national our serve doesn't them supporting &amp; friends our Not Jihadis. radical are ‘rebels’ Syrian Many
read! must A http://t.co/9kSlh6G12A Amendment Second our on attack the exposes Gun" Her Gets "Emily book .@EmilyMiller's
success! his deserves Piers Year. The Of Personality TV @BritishGQ winning on @PiersMorgan to Congratulations
Thanks. @LadyJelenaxoxo
Soon. @golflessondubai
True! will" else nobody when yourself in believe to have you champ. a be To "@realDonaldTrump @SHAWSHANK5
disaster! a be stupid-could surprise-so of element vital the lost U.S.has the Syria attack to want that fools those of all For
Syria. of out stay is saying am I What
prepare. to time &amp; info Syria give we as graves their in spinning are fighters and leaders real Patton and MacArthur GENERALS great The
http://t.co/QbkwrUdW6z article. nice very a is here Kiyosaki-- Robert Dad-- Poor Dad Rich of author great the From
Touch Midas – will?” who it sell can’t you If go. to way best the is yourself brand own your “Representing
Enjoy! http://t.co/zMBx554xdt mandate” individual ObamaCare’s for regulations “final published just Obama consequences. have Elections
Great! @perkins_holly
Thanks. @BigPoppa181
MacArthur. or Patton no is He consequences? no have will bombardment Syria the delaying that Obama tell Dempsey Martin General can How
Champion a Like Think – from.” coming is side other the where knowing is winning to key big “A
anything! for money Raise http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 @fundanything site crowdfunding the Check money. away giving am I
sad! Very Syria. does so Obama to thanks now But us. at laugh Russia and OPEC China
http://t.co/Gx7AvfroA6 Obama. President of ratings the Enjoy
commerce. advance &amp; crime cut Will http://t.co/xMOcZBXHtg center biz up cleaning for Carolina South Columbia applaud I
now! right good so looking not is Spring" "Arab Obama's President
stupid! How work. dirty their do to us want they but - Syria with involved get to want doesn't League Arab the it of Think
U.S. broken fix and away Stay pay. to hell worldwide be will there civilians killing targets wrong the hits and Syria attacks U.S. the If
now! right bad very looking is country Our
interest! No show. a got he if guest first his be would I that tears in me told he Apprentice Celebrity won Arsenio After @ArsenioHall
CRAZY! TV of off and politics of out Thrown comptroller. be to wants he now and done ever has he everything at failed has Spitzer Eliot
job! a get time-go &amp; money wasting just doing he is hell the what ask I mayor for ads television Weiner's Anthony of one see I time Each
Thanks! @tkeller316
doing. Obama is hell the important.What sooooo is surprise of elememt the war In
prepared! fully now is Syria history. wartime in instance an such been never has information-there and time much so Syria given have We
themselves! by involvement no with work dirty their do to us want They troops? sending and everything for paying League Arab the isn't Why
stupid just or insane leaders our attack.Are to us want they but Syria on attack an with do to nothing wants it that stated League Arab The
now! right thing" "war the doing be not should we why is this and - House White the at hour amateur truly is It
true! So @akmackey
Syria! on attack money) than ways more (in costly very and horrible a doing from us saved have may indecision and weakness Obama's President
luck. Good @BrandiHarmon
talent! real have You @BBPACK
birthday. Happy @TheGrumpyHusky
you. Thank @DanShrigley
LEADERSHIP. NO Britain! get even couldn't He us. with along go to countries other of coalition a get to failed Obama that notice anyone Did
you. Thank @AveyahDoesWatch
III. War World into us lead unknowingly could leadership horrendous our that chance small a is there prepared Be
us! at laugh fortune-&amp; another yet make and pieces the up pick will They mess. this from economically benefit to preparing already is China
prepared. better much is side other the and long too waited He it". do "don't him telling now is Russia face save to wants just now Obama
WAR" NOTICE OF "PLENTY the it Call eyes. our before right happen to fiasco this allowing are that generals our are Who
locations.Amazing! new to supplies and ammunition targeted moved have they - "talk" our of all on based attack an for prepared has Syria
attack! future a in doing be will they where and when what broadcast has country a operations military of history the in time first the For
not! does he if mistake Syria-big attacking before approval Congressional get must President The
strategize. even or wars win to leadership the have don't we Syria of out Stay Syria. on look us made "leader" our has bad How
bad! very look will U.S. the and he killed and hurt are civilians innocent and Syria attacks Obama If
doing! are they what know don't leaders Our Syria? with mess the watching by run being is country our incompetently how seeing everyone Is
live! they guy stupid truly a @Toure moron racist fired they If down. way are show pathetic and sad a MSNBC on Cycle The of ratings The
Deborah. Birthday Happy @dhfr64
Einstein Albert -- longer." problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not "It's
http://t.co/RYq1AQ1apk @Macys.com available exclusively Collection Signature Trump J. Donald The success. for Dress
SLEAZE! comptroller. for poll recent in down way dropped has Spitzer Eliot WOW but NYC of mayor for race his in dead is Weiner Pervert
Trouble! work. never will kids These many). of one is (she men different 7 with kids 9 has job a had never who Chicago in woman a So
true! So @WCMartzOfficial
thanks! and Interesting @Beliefheals
Ben. Thanks @benfromdallas
thanks. agree I @AgnesphAgnes
office! of out run be should He Schneiderman. Eric A.G. leightweight about Spectator American in article brilliant the read everyone hope I
bldgs. switching am I Bryant) fired (which CBS no and dumb) mean I Gumbel(and Bryant racist dumb really with @HBO has @TimeWarner that In
great! selling and amazing are @Macy's-they shirts and ties new the liking really are People
@VinceMcMahon - forward.” two take to back step half a take to have you “Sometimes
http://t.co/HRj7pAcvft course" golf renovated play Norman "Trump Odomirok: Lauren by @HeraldWeekly Via
https://t.co/XcdyhWQI3d @MileyCyrus- guest hotel my for message A #TrumpVine
Dan. Thanks @StJude @EricTrumpFdn @EricTrump @DanScavino
True. @MarlenaWells
Thanks. @jonareeves6127
http://t.co/OW07NaOPRw (cont) are @TheRevAl's 50%. down time Prime 2013. in lower even sunk have ratings @msnbc’s that shame a What
approval. Congressional needs Obama conflict? term long possible a and debt more besides Syria bombing for get we will What
stopped. has immigration illegal and secure is border the if only done be should Amnesty first. borders our protect must Congress
http://t.co/EuMSV9bOJS @businessinsider you. for well--happy doing you're like sound You school. the about words your appreciate Mark--I Thx
Interesting! more!" millions created he poor the loved so Obama Remember @icer100 "@realDonaldTrump @icer100
Thanks! @Jungledad
Marlena. you Thank #SuperstormSandy." after many so to generosity your remembering "@realDonaldTrump @MarlenaWells
thinking?! he was What examined. head his have should he Batman as return to $50M down turned Bale Christian If
jobs. their losing be would people of lot A around. not is Steinbrenner George lucky sure are Yankees The
http://t.co/JjulGfe0XT story. researcher--amazing &amp; writer great a What Crook?" a Schneiderman Eric "Is Lord: Jeffrey by @amspec Via
again! them with interviews morning Tuesday my doing start to have I'll guess I years. many in worst low really are ratings @CNBC Wow
up! give Tanja--never @tanjas_world
first! many are there which of problems own its fix to needs States United The
attack? an such of cost tremendous the for us paying not countries Arab rich these are Why Syria. of care take League Arab the Let
LATER! TALK AND FIRST SHOOT movies the in say they as Russia) (watch Syria into go and stupid be to continue to going are we If
attack? an of broadcasting stupid our about thought have would LEE E. Robert or M big the Patton like generals great the what wonder I
fools. like media the over all blurted not and surprise by be would it did I if but Syria into go not would I dopey No @walaa_3ssaf
military. &amp; country own our rebuilding start should us.We not mess Syrian the with involved get should countries Arab rich the said That
surprise? by them catch all at attack we if and quiet be just we can't Why Syria. attack to going are we when broadcasting keep we do Why
improvement! for room but bad Not 10! to 0 of scale the on 7 a speech President's the give I
glory. &amp; press his from detract to want doesn't He Washington. in speech his of day the Syria attack would Obama think anyone would Why
close. even not true So @sonnset2
it. for pay and it do League Arab the Have @ThulisaKanzi
Thanks. @TheLanes08
will! I @monkeydogman @grindingdude
school. Great again." convocation University Liberty at speak to @realDonaldTrump want really "I @tjstoudt
Toya! La Thanks @latoyajackson
Bernice. Birthday Happy @ritter1025
True. @RICHNYJETS @alphakonstant
Thanks. Awesome" else! everything wins he as - this win will Trump "@realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio
day. every forward move and control Take nowhere. get to way good a is complacent Being zone. comfort your in remaining for settle not Do
MacArthur Douglas Gen. - him.” make command his under troops the as bad as just or good as just is general "A
http://t.co/or6yruZDyL @FoxNews on case my discussing @FredTecce and .@tracegallagher
Billionaire a Like Think – be.” can it best the property your make to community your to and yourself to it owe “You
http://t.co/Rl7UMWHQKN 2011 in high record at was parent unemployed with households US policies. economic Obama’s of misery The
buildings. our into planes fly to want Syria in fighters’ ‘freedom these all Remember
read! Must list. bestseller Times’ NY the on #1 at debuting Amendments’ Liberty ‘The on @marklevinshow to Congratulations
you. for rooting all are We positive! and strong Stay cut. first @Patriots’ making on @TimTebow to Congrats
you. Thank #USA" again. great country this make to president be will you that dream a have I "@realDonaldTrump Josh8J4
Big! Think it. do can You survive. strong the only this like climate economic an in – entrepreneurs Young
http://t.co/63vz8QjBSM lawsuit ridiculous destroy Burns Doug prosecutor former &amp; @LisWiehl @ShannonBream FoxNews’ @ Watch
http://t.co/ke9xm4P1RP ventures” Charlotte about Trump Donald with talks Miller “Blair WSOC_TV: @ Via
Interesting. @kingmortimer
correct 100% us." not this of care taking be should league Arab the "@realDonaldTrump @Ginny14974
true! That's again!!!" great be will Doral least At "@realDonaldTrump @bingato
Great! @SteveRickettsSP
Terry. Thanks @TerryTm112444
Peter. Thanks @PeterThiele
#DreamDay again! great be will country our that dream a have I
wishes! Best day. other the Five The on comments your enjoyed greatly I - support your for Thanks @kimguilfoyle
happy place.Iran the over all bombings are there war civil for Heading U.S. the for disaster a was Iraq in war the ago long predicted I As
http://t.co/hto84oPg8Q Rossum" Emmy with Lifestyle Hamptons Talks "@IvankaTrump @HamptonsMag: Via
#donate @fundanything did I help! can You . http://t.co/Xg95n9tFkE husband her to #kidney a donating is Kate
sharp! very yesterday.She’s @FNTheFive on suit Schneiderman’s hack destroyed @kimguilfoyle prosecutor former &amp; analyst legal .@FoxNews
http://t.co/ZDxsOxiTim edition: digital the View @HudsonMOD? of cover the on @IvankaTrump See
coincidence. No me. after goes Schneiderman Now administration. Obama the by Party Tea the of targeting systematic a been has There
later. day one files then &amp; Obama with Meets more. and weak" is “case the that Ivanka told Schneiderman hack lightweight The
out. find will We contributions? for lawyers their and targets his extorting been Schneiderman AG Has
thanks. cool Very @Givens1964
Thanks. @AaronPha_q
show!" clown this on heat the put please w/ObamaMr.Trump met he if move political a purely "@realDonaldTrump @d_murphy13
victory. to litigate will I case. small a on waste to about is Schneiderman millions the appreciates payer tax NY the hope I
http://t.co/9U6Jnxn45F investigations." “ongoing about Obama with spoke he admit Schneiderman See
Saturday. on suit frivolous brings then Thursday on Obama with meets Schneiderman hack Lightweight Politics. Thug
you. Thank @ElmarosuElvin
http://t.co/n0FX6rEXyr Thurs. on Obama meeting after brought he which suit frivolous Schneiderman’s destroying int. @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/dlTp60JtiI lightweight'" 'total a lawsuit behind general Attorney "Trump: @todayshow: Via
http://t.co/Dp7tVy0BEL Targeted” Trump Erupts: Scandal Obama “New Lord: Jeffrey by @AmSpec Via
Interesting! @TuleTwilight
can! he think don't I @CNBC @MichaelPMulhall
http://t.co/IroevQoXZT display" on plans course new "Trump’s @InverurieHerald: Via
“missing?” is that billion $1.4 the and Corzine Jon Democrat after going Schneiderman AG isn’t Why
St. Wall over all fraudsters $ billion after go doesn’t but rating approval 98% a w/ school a sues Schneiderman AG Amazing!
NY. for done has he job terrible the &amp; Schneiderman Eric AG lightweight discussing AM this circuit show the doing enjoyed really I
$$$ campaign for litigation in investigation/ under those down shaking Schneiderman AG at looking be should Comm Moreland Cuomo's Gov.
Friends and Fox
etc. IRS as Same Saturday! on me sued and --- Thursday on Syracuse in Obama President with met Schneiderman A.G. that out found just l Wow
Cuomo? Governor &amp; Obama President about me tell office MY to trips his during Schneidean Eric A.G. ineffective &amp; stupid very our did What
case no have awaywe going is case "this Org. Trump The in people tell Scheiderman Eric dopey did why starts then stops long of years After
sleazebag! total a - case a of evaluation his during contributions campaign for ask General Attorney an can How
asks? recent Also contributions? campaign for begging occasions numerous on office my to come Schneiderman Eric A.G. lightweight did Why
billions? for abusers big and Corzine Jon after go to failed has and many so by lightweight a considered is Schneiderman Eric that it is Why
case! No of)? (unheard afternoon SATURDAY a on lawsuit pathetic his file looking of years after Schneiderman Eric A.G. failing did Why
courses for students of rating approval 98% the report to failed office in failure total a been has who Schneiderman Eric A.G. Lightweight
you. Thank @nikkio
http://t.co/qTflzWGXud website See suit. law civil a with me extort to trying is Schneiderman Eric General Attorney NYS Lightweight
amazing! and fun was it Thanks @Obs3shyn
CBS! for job fantastic a doing way the by -and guy great a is he player great a only not is Nick Sir @NickFaldo006
birthday! Happy @BBPACK
@Macys.com sold are shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the sales online about asking been have who those of all For
http://t.co/d9oUC5jN3a terrific! is @Oprah show- @Oprah's of week final family- Trump #FlashbackFriday
Jason! Great @jmull71
Thanks! @Marilynn555
Thanks! T!" Mr building great a What @TrumpTowerNY "@realDonaldTrump @RobertBurnand
fast! falling We’re again. great America making &amp; economy the &amp; jobs about all I’m Anyway
did! Donald Clinton—but Hillary could neither and “it” release to him get couldn’t McCain John
found. “miraculously” he book recent a in which certificate birth his release to Obama got I that fact the of proud be should People
could! else nobody when was it whatever or it release to him got certificate?I birth Obama’s Pres over me w/ upset people are Why
Big Think – back.” give to when Know values. monetary as well as values intrinsic have must you going momentum your keep “To
AM 12:01 @ 9.11 begins Sexting lookout. the on be to need women all embarrassed be to about Weiner pervert whacko the With
Thanks! @TrumpTowerNY @TonyCatering
them. on be will attacks terrorist eventual &amp; crime in increases politicians NYC pandering the by down struck is Frisk &amp; Stop If
Thanks. @TrumpTowerNY @WalterOzaraga
nice. really remember you that great Thanks @TrumpTowerNY @korydc
Thanks! @TrumpTowerNY @HarryCraig96
http://t.co/PKizHCDTkN history- amazing its highlighting video this made we celebrate To anniversary. 30th @TrumpTowerNY’s it’s flies Time
too. you like I @tanwexy
Thanks! @BrentLudington
work. not handouts government on dependent completely millions making of legacy his be will failures greatest Obama’s of One
bullshit! total was It http://t.co/YzAe0mwiZp BULLS**T'" 'TOTAL STORY AILES MAG NY "TRUMP: @LarryOConnor: by @BreitbartNews Via
http://t.co/Gy3dSrIKKT images" on say have Public released: course golf North-east 2nd Trump’s Donald of "Images @EveningExpress: Via
signal.” wrong the send would it leave don’t “please asked who Russia in community LGBT w/the spoken we’ve Pageant Universe Miss Re
John. you Thank @Greek1958
me from help need doesn't who guy secure and smart very a is He Gabriel. him on piece your about me called never Ailes Roger @gabrielsherman
Deal The of Art The – done.” job any getting to key the perhaps is “Leadership
@Hadas_Gold by @politico via http://t.co/uuevm2mNb6 @stuartpstevens" hire Don’t Christie: Chris to Trump "Donald
women? on war the has really party which Filner &amp; Danger-Weiner Spitzer Democrats With
Birthday! Happy @TxSi
predicament. his for himself but blame to one no has A-Rod today? @Yankees the sue A-Rod will times many How Wednesday. It’s
veterans. including Seniors our to promises breaking and Medicare destroying is It ObamaCare. defund must Congress
mess. expensive problem Big useless. turbines wind makes Scotland in Heatwave .@AlexSalmond
http://t.co/5XZiGO62pC disaster. a be would frisk &amp; stop pandering--ending stop better politicians NYC
Kelly Ray Commissioner @NY_POLICE - Stopped” Is Frisk) &amp; (Stop Program If Rise Will Crime Violent Question' "No
dope! arrogant &amp; stupid very a is He Gumbel?" Bryant towards animosity the ..why @reklaw78 "@realDonaldTrump @jwhitlinger_GMP
great--thanks! were They Trump" Mr. work Good great! were ratings her bet I @gretawire "@realDonaldTrump @TheTeflonDante
others. many have so And @NYMag @anniehic
ally. an was He him. abandoned have should never Obama see we As Mubarek. releasing is Army Egyptian the that see to Glad
http://t.co/XjXFGURZDA amenities winning w/award world the in clubs elite &amp; exclusive most the of one is Beach Palm in Mar-a-Lago
http://t.co/ftl4Mk6KpN mother" Trump’s after named course for revealed "Plans Parry: Ann-Marie by @pressjournal Via
interviews. great does always Greta night. last @gretawire on time great a Had
@FoxNews team. great a by surrounded is who winner ultimate the is He bullshit. total is Ailes Roger about @NYMag in job hatchet The
http://t.co/bAZfi4kTXg (cont) wind subsidized up put idea--just an have I economy its destroy rapidly to wants country a If .@AlexSalmond
TV? on still etc-why CBS at Failed talent. no with dope arrogant an - around racists dumbest the of one is Gumbel Bryant that admit must You
Fox. MINUTES-on FEW A IN GRETA
Fox-enjoy! on 10 at tonight Greta .Doing @gretawire
True--thanks! @realLucasDuffy
terrible. was Stevens Stuart but Mitt @DWatts3
Eastwood Clint - it.” of control in be to want I around gun a there's if policy: control gun strict very a have “I
team. campaign failed Mitt's &amp; China about talking News Fox on PM 10 at tonight @gretawire Susteren Van Greta doing be will I
more! ultimately and economy the of 16% destroy will which disaster absolute an is ObamaCare
today? make Rove 1.6% Karl will advice and predictions terrible many How Tuesday. It’s
Kelly Ray strong safe.Stand subways &amp; streets keeps Frisk &amp; Stop criminals. violent &amp; Jihadists from threat constant under is NYC
incentive. Zero http://t.co/RL0fd2SJJm jobs than better pays welfare NY In ethic. work the reestablish to needs country Our
disaster! a is Stuart Sadly order? in refund a Mitt—is for job horrible a did .@stuartpstevens
winning. time hard very a have will Chris race Presidential the in @GovChristie represent to expected @stuartpstevens With
Fired! You’re resume your on lie you if Sector Private the and creation job in versed well someone As .@MattBevin:
http://t.co/ELJCPeK8hi the... and views spectacular have will Uruguay in Este Del Punta Tower Trump America South in project great Our
saved! be would lives of hundreds choice no have They FRISK. AND STOP to go immediately should disaster-they shooting a is Chicago
you. Thank @ukcarioca
Thanks @J_TJOHNSON
Interesting! @MaestroBeadles
Thanks! @cloverc8
true! So @Chuckdhere
thanks! place- Great @Mr_Smoooth
Thanks! @merryman34
Thanks! @samtrisi
Wayne John - yesterday.” from something learned have we hopes “Tomorrow
@BIZPACReview http://t.co/7gwqgsnTOi ineffective is control gun proves study gun own Obama’s
NYPD. the for tool critical a been has Frisk &amp; Stop safe. NYC keeping job top a done has Kelly Ray Commissioner .@NY_POLICE
http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 picks my see to @fundanything check to sure Be
http://t.co/f0Sjhe80OL #TrumpAdvice
https://t.co/o15RIt7TgN Egypt- on Opinion #TrumpVine
cute! Very @Pollysdaughter
Steve! Oh (lover). boyfriend a has wife his Now dollars. of everything-billions wife his leaves and dies Jobs Steve right. this get lets So
for! stand we everything and country our hate that places not United.States the Re-build
DOLLARS stupid.NO being stop to U.S. the for time money..It's of plenty and gain to more have Egypt-they of care take countries Arab the Let
Macy's. at Yes @Howard2Lloyd
Weiner! Anthony and A-Rod for frisk" and "stop leave must We
@Macys.com sold are shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the sales online about asking been have who those of all For
Carnegie Dale – success.” to stones stepping surest the of two are failure and Discouragement failures. from success “Develop
ideas. innovative for Strive endeavor. creative a is mind--business open an Keep
goals. your on focused keep to remember challenge---and the Enjoy exercise. mind a as problems See
Touch" "Midas and Deal' the of Art 'The read study hard Work @RobertUndefined
normal. are they me; stop challenges and problems let not do I strictly. very this follow I up.’ give ‘Never is: motto My
history. U.S. in worst is policy foreign cry-our rallying a as military by used being dumb-now and terrible was Egypt on ststement Obama'
interview! my of because win ratings shows news Sunday large my discussing piece @politico up follow @DylanByers’ for wait Can’t
25-54 .47 SHR1.61RTG 5 viewers total 2.24 2.@meetthepress 25-54 .55 SHR1.91RTG 6 viewers 2.52 1.@ThisWeekABC RATINGS: NIELSEN
on! me want they why viewers…that’s total 2.52M w/ competition Sunday all destroyed w/@GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC with interview My
https://t.co/RVBwv4LApU photo See .@AlexSalmond
http://t.co/hEdNppNeMq rank!… High military. very be can I See Academy. Military York New at father and mother with Myself
Message’@FoxNews The Are ‘You Ailes Roger – space.” control communicators “Good
http://t.co/xKshkcBNnV Benghazi &amp; 2016 @jonkarl speech @theFAMiLYLEADER Iowa my on @SteveMTalk with int. @Newsmax_Media My
Thanks. @carlotalorenabr
COVERUP. MASSIVE A IS THERE BENGHAZI. ON COMMITTEE SELECT ESTABLISH – LEADERSHIP HOUSE .@GOP
Thanks. @MacMiller @KeithJMcConnell
think) (I Thx unreal" are courses golf your but stance political your with agree not may "@realDonaldTrump @dannydamico67
Great! @TrumpNewYork @WeekendInParis
thanks! nice So @lovemyklr @ShawnaTova
Amie. Thanks @Tommyguns11 @amieburton2010
worse! to bad from go would record job Obama’s boom fracking the reaping states and Texas without Fact:
book. important &amp; great truly a is Republic" American the Restoring Amendments: Liberty 'The @marklevinshow Levin's Mark
knows? Who @Show5783
Kelsey. Thanks @kelseyalxandraa
Thanks. @Drew4Diamond
Dan. Thanks @MacMiller @DanScavino
buildings. Trump at thieves on hard down come place--we the over all robbed being is Avenue Park 740
https://t.co/DnA1YpDEZ2 @MacMiller? money the is Where #TrumpVine
luck. good Thanks insight!" great w/ book Awesome #TheArtOfTheDeal. finished Just "@realDonaldTrump @RyneCPL
@theRealKiyosaki &amp; Trump J. Donald by Touch Midas @amp_abirpatel
thanks. nice Very @ShawnaTova
(Samsung) I-PHone the for screen larger a with out come QUICKLY to them Push stock. Apple of lot a have I going lt keep Carl @CarlCICahn
thanks! honor My @GregMazares
Thanks! @realDonaldTrump
Thanks! @Timc1021
Thanks! @garrendj
Great! @justingodfrey
price! big a paid has He Fame. of Hall Baseball the into Rose Pete leader hits time all let to time is it again Once @PeteRose_14
hello! say picture Great @AlfiraAzzahra
going. keep doing are you what enjoying are you as long As going. keep should you whether question you make that happen Things
record. a @fundanything on $1M raising #RoadHard on @adamcarolla Congrats
http://t.co/Qo6Tq9dEJP ext. yr 10 for signed just @PGATOUR resort. top America's be Will renovations. $250M @TrumpDoral’s tracking Miami In
Champion a Like -Think high. standards your keep to fight &amp; tough Be else. anything with or yourself with pleased easily be Don’t
luck! good Great @Randirobics
Touch Midas – recognition.” greater for opportunities with faced be will too you build to begins brand your “When
"tuff"! it play to able and willing are they if see Obamacare-lets against fight their in hand strong very have Republicans
NEWS GOOD place. last in deeply him has poll recent through-most Is Weiner Anthony like Looks
Ogilvy David - creative.” isn't it sell doesn't it “If
bad. Really http://t.co/Sb3cWw4dAU BENGHAZI” IN STOLEN MISSILES U.S. 400 WHISTLEBLOWER: FOR “ATTORNEY up: cover Benghazi on More
U.S.? the on monstrosity the forcing still he is Why ObamaCare. from Congress of all and staff his businesses exempted has Obama
News. Fox on PM 10 at tonight @gretawire Greta on be will I
ridiculous! is service—this another to buildings my of many switching be to going am I TimeWarner @TWC Re
discounts? major subscribers giving they aren’t Why @TWC. TimeWarner by broadcast not was it because Championship PGA the missed I
@TheRightScoop http://t.co/b7v6WVy5Kh listen ObamaCare.Must defund to need the on made Rove 1.6% Karl point every refuted .@SenMikeLee
Armstrong! “stupid” at laughs @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost. to compared deal good a be will @AOL for loser total a Patch The
information. false gives who dope lightweight a as @HuffingtonPost of Linkins Jason exposing for @BreitbartNews of @mboyle1 to Congrats
competition! good Wow @RoyalStr8tFlush
think! you than sooner coming rates rising of risk the calculate to sure Be fragile. somewhat but market buyer’s a Still
http://t.co/anamGuDUrE spa &amp; restaurant star 4 hotel star 4 a feature to skyscraper sole City's Windy the is .@TrumpChicago
Armstrong. Tim hates @ariannahuff &amp; Patch and @AOL with down going is agree--@HuffingtonPost I @HuffingtonPost @JTFoxx
@Macys.com online them order can You Africa?" South in available ties your Are "@realDonaldTrump @jwhurter
Thanks. @BlazeBluntsky
etc. Warren Carl Ask best! the by used tool business a Just true! So @ForQ2 @comfynumb2012 @FlyinOSUBuckeye
dopey! late done--too Deal @DCGovTwit @DCGovWeb @Andrew_Patrick
Amy. Thanks you." following enjoy really I tweet. to time find you that happy so I'm "@realDonaldTrump @coffeepleaseAM
Thanks! Apprentice)" show(Celebrity your love I rolemodeland my You're Trump! Mr. hay "@realDonaldTrump @AKA_Wilhelm
Thanks. @rogergreig
work! to going I'm Good.morning
guy! dumb really a he's boring) (and racist a @Toure is only Not
weak? and stupid Armstrong Tim call don't please And nothing! with up end would husband-you your represent to love would I @ariannahuff
deal? AOL stupid really in name his of use the for got she dollars the of any get @ariannahuff of ex-husband leave to smart but poor the Did
CAREFUL. BE enough! get can't just me-they about junk false much so writing are @ariannahuff dopey and @HuffingtonPost failing The
Great! Donald!" thanks going... us keeps It quotes! inspirational your all love I "@realDonaldTrump @MoFarber
place! best the knows He @sonnset2
thanks. ago time long A @PartylikeRlove1
thanks. understand I @Timm_Martin
http://t.co/g30BfQgFE9 Hotel" Pet-Friendly "Best for Best 10 by nominated been has Vegas Las Hotel Int'l Trump Choice: Readers' you Thank
Champion a Like Think - you." around riptides and tides the minding also while possible as groundbreaking as life your "Make
Erin. and Logan you Thank too!" Me 2016. in run you hoping is Logan son old year 19 my "@realDonaldTrump @stingluver
Thanks. ?????" vote! my have you "@realDonaldTrump @jodiyilek
Thanks. @mjayshilling
true--thanks. So @Sam_Rellim
job! Great championship. PGA the winning on @JasonDufner to Congratulations
Billionaire a Like Think – brains.” and work hard talent from grow does it but trees on grow not may “Money
you! Thank @MatthewSmales1
customers? its giving Warner Time is discount .much How CBS. on Championsip PGA the watch can't we York New in that believe can't I
interview! fair very - @jonkarl
morning! good nice So @tayloroftexas
time! amazing an had I you Thank @theFAMiLYLEADER
gusto! great with watch will you lie Don't @michaelfrench52
dummy! filed totally been have finances My @charleslfreemn
special!!! is V Bob and people fantastic - night last you with being great was It @theFAMiLYLEADER
Enjoy be! will they honest and fair how see lets - interesting be Should @ThisWeekABC
edited! fairly is it hope only @jonkarl-I with intetview my enjoyed I @ThisWeekABC
interesting!!! Very @not_that_actor
Thomas! Thanks @TPLRRT1
tuned! Stay @alikilmartin.
people! great - fun and interesting be will It Iowa. in night tomorrow expected crowd Big
Patton S. George General - lack.” they what discover often can one and about cynical are people what “Watch
record. public contemptible and failing his spin can’t He Stringer. Scott against morning this performance debate terrible a had Eliot
http://t.co/mahENjAx8f prestige and style of pinnacle the is @Macys at available exclusively Collection Signature Trump The
http://t.co/pt4JrevifH world. the in course 100 Top a and cover your on course Scotland my putting for @GolfMagazine you Thank
@GolfChannel commentary of job great a doing are you golfer great a only not are You @montgomeriefdn Montgomerie Colin
turbines. wind killing bird for desire insane his with Scotland of beauty the destroying be will @AlexSalmond Minister First
it. for hated –he's throat Scotland’s down turbines wind industrial ugly forcing by mistake stupid truly a making is .@AlexSalmond
exempt. are gov't and businesses while ObamaCare buy Americans working make to wants Obama because is it down shuts gov't the If
http://t.co/TqKkClY4VL lose! will he independence gain to turbines wind industrial ugly w/ Scotland litter to needs @AlexSalmond FM If
budget. a pass to refuses Obama because is shutdown government a about worry to have Americans why reason the – FACT
reliable. be not may they &amp; redone be to have may work Their best. the always isn't cheapest the remember contractors hiring Re:
sexter. sicko whacko one is He stress? the handled Carlos how wonder I sunk. have numbers Danger-Weiner’s poll latest the In
http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 Summit Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ tomorrow's at crowd Ames fantastic a addressing be will I
going! playing--keep solid Really .@AScottPGA
you! of proud are playing--we Great .@JustinRose99
http://t.co/v0NBWq9vAt Transparent" And Bold Is Trump Donald Says Leader Evangelical "Iowa @TheBrodyFile: Via
http://t.co/ee5g0qZyID @VattenfallGroup. against petition a started Scotland Blackdog
Thanks. @aa_newey
hotels. great world's of one be will it finish we When @IvankaTrump @Austin_Bighurt
Thanks. @realDonaldTrump!" done Well NYC. to vacation 1st our during @TrumpTowerNY visit to sure "Made @BillKicklighter
some! Only @JasonDolan @MONIKAKOVACS @augustskaro
Wrong! #momoneymoproblems" problems all solves money @realDonaldTrump "@ryanjorde @masov40
Sir.” Trump Mr. job “Great said should’ve filings financial my at looking when @chucktodd eyes Sleepy
numbers. unbelievable showing papers financial filed I president for running considered I when that realize @chucktodd dummy Doesn’t
@ThisWeekABC. doing I’m that angry is politics-- in voices dumbest the of @chucktodd—one eyes Sleepy
guy! terrific a is Bill ever!" models role best THEE and motivation Biggest @BillRancic "@realDonaldTrump. @MattyD859
happen. to going it's like look doesn't that him--but beat &amp; him meet should He @SmuMom54
loyal! guy--and good really a him know to get you when and tough &amp; smart is Piers Wrong @piersmorgan @blackpoolsinger @NY2DC_N_BACK
Cajole. leadership! simply or dealmaking good called It's U.S. the for good is what do to him convince snd Putin with meet should Obama
Thanks @showtimeshelby
66 @mjobrey27
Thanks. @TLoUTEngineer
Thanks. @jake_grimes
birthday! time-happy great a Have @ClemensIsland13
Thanks. @ChrisStackStacy
Birthday. Happy a Have @scottlara1961
people! brave and great these killing absolutely is Salmond true-Alex So @KyleMcCall4
@Macys.com sold are shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the sales online about asking been have who those of all For
Touch -Midas flourishing. brand your keep will that foundation solid the brand.That’s your to true being equals yourself to true Being
exciting Very http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 Iowa in Summit Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ at keynote I until days few a Just
Champion a Like Think – doing.” are masses the what on focusing of instead while a in once pulse own your take to idea good a “It’s
@Macys.com out Check please?" here over from ties your buy we can Where Trump. Donald Loves England "@realDonaldTrump @MaxKnowsAll
'em! get go Great @TheBarkerBaker
Twitter. with started just I wonderful--and is &amp; Apprentice Celebrity won Piers Because @piersmorgan @blackpoolsinger
Thanks! hotel." fantastic a What yesterday. #Vegas in Hotel International Trump visited @realDonaldTrump "Hey @LKR_Fan24
Great! @TrumpLasVegas @DavidPerez728
you! Thank @sjohnstonefilm
Cato -- virtues." all of greatest the is "Patience
Big --Think you." like people if damn a give not do and respect "Get
Stone Clement W. - achievement.” all of point starting the is purpose of “Definiteness
Thanks. @flowergirl56
going. keep up chin your Keep @pikedagger1868
you. Thank @EricTrump @trumpwinery @BW @GeorgePTransue
luck! Good @bradleymenglin
honor! My @marc_soler1
leverage. your increasing by way your comes what handle to able are you know and yourself underestimate not Do
benefits... any of deprived are victims His trial. on while salary Army in $300g over paid been has Hassan Nidal Jihadi Hood Ft.
Disaster! http://t.co/bHqyCzGCWW Carter Graydon under rate record faster even an at sink to continue sales dwindling 2013 .@VanityFair’s
Ian. Thanks @GodfreyGR
soon! you show--see your on being Great @GovMikeHuckabee
Thanks! @tvmario
you. Thank @DJKelly78
hotel luxury trendiest NYC's http://t.co/yUn5d14t0Q interiors inspired loft w/ building walled glass striking a features .@TrumpSoHo
hotel. finest DC's be Will Office. Post Old The of redevelopment the awarded been have to honored is Organization Trump The
http://t.co/zJqnD3zRuk D.C." Washington Building Office Post Old The Hotel International Trump For Agreement Finalizes "Trump
http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 Saturday this Iowa in Summit Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ keynoting be to Excited
Shane. Birthday Happy @Rudmania20
https://t.co/dRA34WseyG joke.... a is Weiner #TrumpVine
HI! @RachelYohee
HI! @KelBug99
time! it's - HOF the in @PeteRose Let
again! luck Good @Mikeveltman
birthday! Happy @Deneetro
Franklin --Benjamin fail." to preparing are you prepare to failing "By
Up. Give Never and Deal the of Art The with Start publications. under http://t.co/Ch2npjbCPZ at titles up look to Best @kingmortimer
succeed. to way best the It's there. be will passion and energy the doing you're what love you If @DianeJackson9
amazing. be will it Yes @Randirobics
luck. good and Brian you Thank @BrianRyback
Champion a Like Think – business.” good That’s personally. things take don’t but personable be smart be tough “Be
Touch Midas – that.” with along rises confidence their and accountable held are they when harder work people that found “I’ve
Thanks! @DanielHR27
Great! @cloverc8
Einstein else."Albert anyone than better play to have you then And game. the of rules the learn to have "You
Edison A. time."Thomas more one just try to always is succeed to way certain most The up. giving in lies weakness greatest "Our
Jake. Thanks @J4K9FLATLEY
Fame! of Hall The into Pete let to time It's penalty. game 200 gets A-Rod whrn price year 20 a paid Rose Pete leader hits time all has Why
terrific! is he happen could That @__Bolt
you! Thank @green_i4u
Rob! you Thank @RobRosales1
Michelle! Thanks @MdsdadDotson
Greta! with show great a Fox-always on 10 at tonight Greta with on be Will @gretawire
jobs! of world-lots the in anywhere hotels great the of one into transformed be soon will (D.C.) Washington in building Office Post Old The
hotel-jobs! luxury super into it convert and U.S. the from Ave. Pennsylvania on Office Post Old historic the over take to deal our We.signed
Twain often."--Mark as nearly not but words than louder speaks "Action
Thanks! @DavyMac_1972
memories. great &amp; times good some for recipe great a It’s seriously. less yourself take seriously work your Take
up. give never problem--and the not solution the at Look @DianeJackson9
Thanks. @anniehepburn @DianeJackson9
Yes. ties?" own your wear you do "@realDonaldTrump OmikronDreamer
Great! @AustinSaysThat
Fredrik! job Great ?" assignment!!!!! the for @realDonaldTrump you "Thank @FredrikEklundNY
Goethe - goals." your achieving by become you what as important as not is goals your achieving by get you "What
http://t.co/4ez23shwY9 record" sets site crowdfunding New Carolla: Adam Comedian for $1M Breaks http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD Trump’s "Donald
@EricTrump @trumpwinery http://t.co/Ayus1Q7gRu Virginia" in Grapes of Love Share Trump Donald Jefferson "Thomas @BW: Via
up. give never it at Keep "yet." is word key The @tamilasami
Picasso success."Pablo all to key foundational the is "Action today. starting it Pursue @Ronturner10
going. it keep and going momentum your Get nowhere. get to way good a is complacent Being zone. comfort your in remaining for settle not Do
there. out opportunities of lot a are There see? to not pretending I am What themselves: ask to entrepreneurs would-be for question good A
Deal. the of Art The @jeffgonyea
Thanks. 10022. N.Y. Ave Fifth 725 to info send Please @Icallbullsh_t
going. Great @GallenofMilk13
you! Thank @noall
Eisenhower D. Dwight - timid.” the or weak the to freedom of care the entrust long not does “History
Birthday! Happy @amyg2200
http://t.co/lSVbY2LS8B you... for up this sum me Let
great! That's @MikeLoyaCenter
fast.http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 going Tix Summit. Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ keynote I until days ten than Less
http://t.co/YFOgPss8S3 including acclaim &amp; awards major numerous won have collections wine red &amp; white sparkling @trumpwinery's
windfall. economic an be Would resources. own our fracking &amp; drilling be should we importantly more but approved be should XL Keystone
hypocrites! are All http://t.co/iy34KnpowZ Congress all for exemption ObamaCare special a granted just Obama do. I as not say I as Do
scandal"? "phony a Still http://t.co/gLIQUPbLnV attack 9.11 the of night the Benghazi in ground the on were operatives CIA 35 Over
Lincoln Abraham esteem." their and respect their regain never can you citizens fellow your of confidence the forfeit you once "If
@Macys.com sold are shirts &amp; ties Collection Signature Trump J. Donald the sales online about asking been have who those of all For
Wrong! @1986Fed @Nautilus916
soon! Very major?" a hosts Course Golf Trump a until long How "@realDonaldTrump @jpickering1
Thoreau David Henry imagined."- have you life the Live dreams. your of direction the in confidently "Go
know! I @not_that_actor
Thanks. @lcamp34
Thanks! @eboy12318
leader! strong with.a happen not Could pathetic. and weak look We Snowden. regarding Obama with toying is Putin way the sad it Isn't
you! Thank @JGrant_Realtor
http://t.co/Uxdq4bf30K ago long A-Rod about done have should Yankees the what about talk to tonight @ETonlineAlert on I’m
you. Thank @Nick_Botha
Perhaps. @CompaqSstring3
negotiation. her in Silda help to want pre-nup—I great a have better Eliot
voters. to appeal to poor he’s pretend to likes Eliot rich. very is father Eliot’s that know don’t People
exciting. getting is This girlfriend? a have Spitzer Eliot Does Wow!
Sunday Billy - God." blame don't part your do don't you "If
Thanks! #trumpvine" great! they're often more Vine should You "@realDonaldTrump @doug_barnard
again. pinstripes wear never will A-Rod that NYC for victory great a is It
again? drinking he Is Matthews. @hardball_chris Chris about worried getting am I
channel. @msnbc entire the destroying single-handedly is He lows. historic new at are ratings Matthews @hardball_chris Chris
dealing! of incapable are politicians Our intel. of trove treasure a Russia to over handing is Snowden
Obama. at laughing is Putin Russia. in asylum granted being Snowden with America for day sad A
spectacular. be Will Dubai. Club Golf International Trump of development the on announcements following keep to sure Be
http://t.co/wdwwBE83wz Summit Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER at keynote upcoming my and economy the China on int. @SteveDeaceShow My
Great. man" smart you mater alma your to going be to proud so "@realDonaldTrump @willeshirey
Russia. by U.S. for respect No Russia?" in asylum granted being Snowden on thoughts "@realDonaldTrump @kaplunm
man! fantastic a is honor--he great my is Joel with associated Being @JoelOsteen @THETylerDeBoer
great! be will show his be---- will guest first @ArsenioHall's who wonder I
http://t.co/FYAyusZvmq #Trump #TBT monster? a into grow would kid innocent this knew Who
https://t.co/WPZlEtLaZM sucks! @arod #TrumpVine
Peale Vincent Norman - achieve.” can you desire heart the and believe and conceive can mind the “What
Sad. day! field a had losers &amp; haters the well doing been not has Apple because Apple" run to Jobs Steve back "bring said jokingly I When
Conservative! @The_Iron_Lad
amazing! be will Project soon. very Yes @MEEDColin
fun! Have @firdousalidr
you. Thank @ccalder0811
Glenda! birthday Happy @glenda_goff
Thanks. @An3T
Tim! Thanks @rat4xmas
you. Thank @hugozepedatv
words! nice those for you Thank @Cancer_Champion
life. his in cents 10 earned never has who man A Spitzer. Eliot crazy on focus to time dead campaign Danger-Weiner the with Now
sport. the for day great a be Will A-Rod. suspend to @MLB for wait can’t I organization @Yankee like Just
Great! tweets" essential @realDonaldTrump's and water bread on survive "i @Klassnik
Yes. too?" Doral @ Course Red the redoing you Are "@realDonaldTrump @Wsutt
honor. My u." Thank today. that Needed advice. the appreciate "@realDonaldTrump @sharonk720
Islamists. by killed being Americans about phony Nothing scandal.” “phony a is Benghazi believes Obama
http://t.co/U1e9OpO3Fi warming global today’s as agenda liberal no-growth same pushing were alarmists cooling global 1970’s Surprise?
http://t.co/OqKrzfjUhI ObamaCare of support in poll a cooked Rove 1.6% Karl how exposing @RedState @EWErickson by piece Great
day. great a Have @Irene1969
guy! terrific a is Steve @SteveDeaceShow. tonight’s on interview my to listen to sure Be
@SenMikeLee - it." for you're it fund you If it. own or it "Defund
http://t.co/6njHbO5rmM Virginia" in Club Golf National Trump his for aspirations major has Trump "Donald @barrysvrluga @PostSports Via
@DanielStrauss4 by @hilltube via http://t.co/v3GpZzbtED Weiner" with wrong’ ‘mentally Something "Trump:
http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 out selling Tickets Summit. Leadership @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ keynoting to forward Looking
person. spectacular a is Diane news. evening the for win ratings big her on @DianeSawyer to Congratulations
Thanks.Eric. @Based_Erc
York! New for news good Weiner- Anthony candidate mayoral NYC pervert for nosedived have numbers Poll
Andy! you Thank @not_that_actor
16. at Stock Facebook of lots bought I Dopey Sorry @lunaticial
great! be will cast the - Fall the in on be will it Justin @JUrciuoli19
Sonia. Thanks @sgonzalez1964
nothing! have you energy without energy have don't you passion Without
Adam! much so you Thank @da1nonlyasulony
Ford Henry - achievement." worthwhile a to necessary thing one the be to out turn may mistake a "Even
Frost Robert - through. always is out way best The
Thanks. @Oloch3
Trump C. Fred doing." you're what about can you everything Trump"Know MacLeod Mary yourself." to true be and God in "Trust
rules. the makes gold the has who He Negotiating: of Rule Golden The
innovation. to door the open and situation fortunate a into you lead could change to open Being flexible. &amp; reasonable Be tip: Negotiation
start. good a is Deal the of Art The @tuserious854
one. number That's successful. be to order in work your for passion have to have You do. I what love I @tuserious854
situation. win/win a create to Try from. coming they're where Know wants. side other the what about Think tip: Negotiation
yourself. to it keep and want you what exactly Know stubborn. be persistent be patient Be tip: Negotiation
Thanks! @ThomRipley @gfgpj
fantastic. are say--all to Hard play?" to favorite your is courses Trump your of one which "@realDonaldTrump @JacoboCasarez
Thanks. Wow--great! @Chef_KayyArrDee
off! Take Huma?" wife 's @anthonyweiner give you would advice What "@realDonaldTrump @BaronToutenberg
say! not better I'd best?" the consider you do which own you resorts the all of out Donald "@realDonaldTrump @JaminCoolJ
Lombardi Vince - habit.” a becomes it quit to learn you “Once
Thanks! @PIETIEV
Birthday. Happy @Cloutsnchara @chef2234
http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9 tix Get http://t.co/IzUqUbkwtT Summit” Leadership Family The at Speak to Trump “Donald @theFAMiLYLEADER: Via
Thanks. you" inspirational..thank sayings..very your love I "@realDonaldTrump @aprilpole
@ThePGAofAmerica. players! young championship--fantastic #2013JuniorPGA the watching @TrumpGolfDC DC National Trump at I'm
complete. when amazing be really will It @RealJoeBrady @TrumpDoral
Thanks. @MKasun
Great! favorited" get tweets 's @realDonaldTrump of 75% good "a @MontoyaMania
me! on round a have can You @euanhay
Schweitzer A. - success." a be you'll doing are you what love you If success. to key the is Happiness happiness. to key the not is "Success
do. I what love I success?" enormous an such you made has what work hard Besides "@realDonaldTrump @Deelaney31
surface. the to talents your bringing with wrong nothing There's it. for go and there out Get water. tread Don't
True! @RonaldFasshauer
Deal! the of Art The @ThejustinMiami
Colin. Thanks @colinth21
laughing. are They @RealSonnyNewman
luck. good and hard you-work Thank @vin7768
respect! No traitor. the for penalty death no promised they letter a In Snowden. Edward back give to Russia "begging" now is U.S. The
time. all of embarrassment sports biggest the as down go will He @Yankees. the sue to scheming now is @AROD Druggie
$105! at off us ripping with away gets OPEC And http://t.co/lqKTTsyCoQ market the controls now oil for demand China’s – reality new The
racist. insensitive an He’s sexting. his as Danger Carlos using is outreach Hispanic of idea @AnthonyWeiner’s pervert Wacko
https://t.co/cZx1hoITWB @AnthonyWeiner- for message A #TrumpVine
project.AMAZING! entire toured I where Miami left Just great. along coming is Doral Nationsl Trump of construction dollar million 250 The
http://t.co/xemmzS0trA Este del Punta Tower Trump of architecture circular &amp; walls on reflect will waves Brava Playa of sands the On
unbelievable! course--it's Monster Blue new brand the and @TrumpDoral leave to ready Getting
Hamilton Alexander - continentally.” think to “Learn
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/DaGdTlEEGt Need" Doesn't NYC That Puppy' 'Sick a Weiner "Trump:
resort. #1 country's the into conversion million $250 @TrumpDoral’s of progress the inspecting Miami beautiful In
potential. own your undermining to shortcut a That's best. your done you've that or already all it done you've think ever Don't
Yes. Jobs?" Steve visionary without off falling is Apple that agree you Wouldn't "@realDonaldTrump @MikeMcHale09
stock have I And days." jobs steve pre the to back going are they products. new also "@realDonaldTrump @purplerapezebra
True! @Dawson304
Thanks. information." good of source amazing an what now Touch Midas The reading "@realDonaldTrump @cccabrera10
http://t.co/SHszxX9M9J amenities class world with spa and club private exclusive and lavish most Florida’s is Mar-a-Lago
Orr Bobby - that.” like isn't just life because win to going only you're where environments no are “There
Thanks. @leaheary
Great! @DanScavino
energy! and time of waste a are They losers. and haters dumb) (&amp; boring and repetitive the of some out blocking started just I've
Touch Midas - are." you who know to is brand a into it turn and business a build to way One unique. all are "Entrepreneurs
apology! &amp; post-resignation made he sext a to admitting yesterday was Huma wife with conference press first Weiner’s that sad it Isn’t
http://t.co/n1TkGPsuHk Caucus Party Tea successful yesterday’s on Guida Kellen @TheTeaParty_net’s and McConnell Senator to Congrats
crowd! Big http://t.co/IzUqUbkwtT Summit @theFAMiLYLEADER @bobvanderplaats’ at visit Iowa my to forward Looking
Jobs! Steve back Bring screen. iPhone larger a create to faster moving isn’t Apple believe can’t I
forward. come should Weiner Danger’ ‘Carlos Anthony of victims sexting recent all City York New of sake the For
http://t.co/uF5F0FbwGd change.” never will He change? will he think you pervert sick a is Weiner “Anthony - March last comment My
http://t.co/GMsbPCyPuZ sexting Weiner’s and work to incentive losing Americans numbers poll falling Obama’s on int. @gretawire My
kiyosaki" Robert and rich" be to you want we "why @realDonaldTrump ! read ever i that book best The with love "In @prisih91
You!" Thank Fired'! You're 'Obama saying #Vine Daily a post Please "@realDonaldTrump @SonsofReagan
unemployment. real 18% with debt in $17T+ be still will country our Tomorrow economy. the on speech another give will Obama Today
http://t.co/jMzvTmjLGp (cont) no of because quit @VattenfallGroup when windmills destroying environment pursuing @AlexSalmond is Why
Thanks. @samaraOMGharper
Thanks. @ACmeansBusiness
true. and Thanks " incentive!" lost has "America Greta! with interview Great "@realDonaldTrump @stevenfarris
today. starting strategy a develop and that about Think business. is So strategy. of game a is chess that know all We
it! make will you and Dean 4real".Great @realDonaldTrump black the be to &gt;&gt;&gt; goal term Long ".@Ynberg:
https://t.co/dwMiW9T2q6 Weiner- Anthony re: #TrumpVine first the Watch
Wayne John anyway.”- up saddling but death to scared being is “Courage
why? wonder I Gee News. Bloomberg on used winning--just to referring when TRUMP word the using are reporters more and More
move European dumb after billion $4.6 of loss a took just Scotland Aberdeen in plan farm wind losing money the of promoter the Vattenfall
watching! is Scotland Hopefully bankruptcy. facing turbines wind losing money by lead projects renewable Spain's - News Bloomberg
True! @JMHPolitics
you. Thsnk @mikeymexico
amazing! Just @3girlsandDTrain
interesting! be minutes-will few a in Greta
Thanks. @lucasnahn
P.M. 10 Wiener! Anthony pervert and Care Obama about talking - Fox on tonight Greta doing am I
SO! YOU TOLD I Wiener Anthony On
himself! over control apology-zero his and Congress from resignation his after long pics. sick sending continued Wiener Anthony Remember
Mayor! for running are you when Not @presidentstevie
cure no is there Sadly ways. their to back go perverts of change-100% never will who puppy sick a is Wiener before once everyone told I As
pm 10 at tonight @gretawire RECORD THE ON on be will I
Thanks. Links." Golf international Trump played! ever have I course golf best the Visually "@realDonaldTrump @jeffldye
talent. that's No Dated. perverted" daughter.That's your be to enough young girls date you "@realDonaldTrump @rexrode_lisa
etc. Ugly the and Bad the Good The Wind the with Gone Kane Citizen @rainnwilson @sepamu
No. chance?" 3rd a deserves Weiner Anthony think you Do "@realDonaldTrump @StephenDoody3
Billionaire a Like Think – easily.” rich get ever Few impossibilities. chase to have you billionaire a be to and visionary a be “To
wish death have they Do amnesty. pushing @GOP http://t.co/ZN4rOIFVzA 8:1 Dems favor immigrants illegal @pewresearch to According
@MLB. by soon announced be will suspension coming The DL. the on back is .@AROD
http://t.co/NkEiiQ6gWV Love' 'Tough Libertarian Davis's Kristin Online: Review National
@upstartbusiness via http://t.co/sDdbhCcDoe funding” Trump going he's ass Corolla's Adam kiss can “Hollywood read: Great
terrible. are scripts The garbage? this lighting green is Who bombs. office box of summer the is This
guy! great a &amp; competitor Amazing win. well-deserved his on Congrats amazing. was @The_Open in round 66 final Mickelson’s Phil
http://t.co/K12kGRwyTK summer last girl 'young' a sexting was He pervert. sick a be to continues Anthony sexter serial surprise No
citizens losing &amp; over-leveraged are US across municipalities Many http://t.co/mkpCoozIe4 start the be just could bankruptcy Detroit’s
http://t.co/FhjEmP4xwU masterpiece A development. star five first country’s the is @TrumpPanama Bay Panama over stories 70
you. Thank much" so you Thank inspiring. &amp; motivational very are tweets your again it say I'll "@realDonaldTrump @YashKandhari
Birthday! Happy @ashleyemom23
be! to it want we if Only "bubble"?" a in economy China ...is "@realDonaldTrump ginrnnr2
Thanks. @ScottFerrall
Heidi! Anniversary Happy @Oprah @HeidiMads @RickyMadsen
situation. the of most the make and thought some them give So life. sign--that's good a that's today problems some got you've If
Einstein --Albert character." of weakness becomes attitude of "Weakness
over. is Alex Braun! Ryan on have they than A-Rod on evidence more far have they that is Word
as.hell! guilty be to only innocence his proclaiming vociferously so after man con total a be to out turned Braun Ryan player Baseball
True! @Page08
stupid! so are leaders Our "freedom". their for lives of thousands and dollars trillion 1.5 spent we after Iraq from oil the taking is China
mess! corrupt total happen-a to waiting bomb time a is country That today. prison Iraq an from escaped prisoners vicious most the of 500
sad. Very rott! to continues country our while airports new brand 50 building is China
scoffed they year last this do to them told I When fast. moving get better I-Phone-they the for screen large a considering finally is Apple
situation. terrible A @not_that_actor
A.M. minutes-7.00 3 in Friends &amp; Fox on be Will
Yes! @Erikjhalvorsen
why! see and Serta business-call record doing is SERTA from mattress Signature Trump J. Donald The Also
better! prices-nothing low and designs new the out well-check fantastically doing are Macy's at suits and shirts ties The
Big Think – decision.” your around everything to in tuning requires instincts your with “Going
http://t.co/OfmzjKk6x7 Immigrants” Toward Policy Strict Own Its In Evident Is Hypocrisy “Mexico's @VDHanson: by read Great
repealed. be to Has more. even down us slow will ObamaCare years. 5 last the for 2% than less growing been has GDP Our
http://t.co/nF2dSq3euO leadership” reckless “Spitzer’s @nydailynews: in Faso John by editorial Important
released. are texts old pervert’s the of more before is that &amp; polls the in points 12 dropped has Weiner – York New for news good Some
Thanks. @coolioneal
Thanks. @FoxNews @tmWood8
Fantastic! breakthroughs." new Great @autismspeaks of support your all for you Thank "@realDonaldTrump .@AS_ScienceGuy
Thanks. @jeff__miller
happen. Could @CleoVienRayTaba
ahead. are days brighter smart are they If now.. right times hard very through going is Detroit
Congratulations. humor. of sense great &amp; talented sharp is She radio. talk to addition great a is show radio .@AndreaTantaros’s
http://t.co/ykloZgMUEx masterpiece hole 27 a is Beach Palm in Club Golf Int'l Trump 100 top @GolfMagazine's in nationally Ranked
you. Thank lot" a Thanks motivational! truly are tweets your Sir "@realDonaldTrump @YashKandhari
guy. mine--loyal of friend great a was He @MGSeneca
http://t.co/2ZWlIKVGia win court $5M my &amp; China with negotiating unemployment causing ObamaCare re: Zone Spin No @oreillyfactor’s In
Carnegie Dale - busy." get and out Go it. about think and home sit don't fear conquer to want you "If
introduction. good a is Deal the of Art The @elbatata_ok
solved. problems &amp; projects of overview an gives Up Give Never @jdaddy98
Big Think – rigid.” or narrow-minded being mean not does Focus focused. flexibly “Be
Venturi Ken - be." could you thought ever you than better to have you believe I else. everybody than better be to have you believe don't "I
NOW! Fox on O'Reilly of Re-run
minutes! 5 in O'Reilly Bill On
b4! happened has current-this than worse or bad as waves heat 20 been have there (years) summers 150 in warming global of disciples the For
ratings! for great is Trump knows Bill 8.00. at tonight (Fox) O'Reilly Bill on be will I Trump Donald hate or like love you Whether
Joselyn. you Thank @JoselynMartinez
p.m. 11 at repeated p.m. 8 at @FoxNews on O'Reilly Bill with interview tonight @oreillyfactor on be will I
Grant S. Ulysses Gen. - labor.” disgrace who men find occasionally you unfortunately man; no disgraces “Labor
Thanks. @cloverc8
Mikey. to hi Thanks--say @algiers4
Deal the of Art - better.” the sensational more the story good a for hungry always they’re is press the about learned I’ve thing “One
Deal. the of Art The @thompson_dustin
Brandeis D. Louis Justice - citizen.” private the of that is office political important most “The
Thanks. @vinceritch
Thanks! you!" thank We level. another to club this elevated truly have You "@realDonaldTrump @TrumpPhillyGM
investing. market your in prudent Be forever. last can’t it but term short the in news great is pumping Fed’s The
guy! great a also is LeBron @ESPYS. night’s last in Year the of Athlete winning on @KingJames to Congratulations
http://t.co/h8SxveqWdO jewel exclusive acre 360 a is Philadelphia National Trump Fazio Tom by designed course winning award an With
http://t.co/RmnNnSClpM compliance for $1M over cost will ObamaCare that anticipates restaurant single a of owner – watch Must
Barron! on Wrong dope." a is Hilton Barron but man great a was Hilton Conrad "@realDonaldTrump .@youngmman
suits. and shirts ties Collection Signature Trump of selection new incredible the see to now @Macys to Go
honor. My @rhino848484
http://t.co/QvqDlRuxCM (cont) create to had they Guess anymore? Stone Rolling read actually anyone Does "@realDonaldTrump .@bigstack19
resolutions. non-binding passing time waste not ObamaCare defund actually to needs congress .@GOP
unemployed? are Americans many so when amnesty on focusing congress @GOP the is Why
Big Think - forever." downward continue not do things side; your on is "Time
http://t.co/IyxNQdSD6u (cont) edge the you give often can It others. with happening what's sense or read to capability the have all "We
Hilton Conrad ? success." individual in element vital a is "Enthusiasm
retribution no with great are accomplishments whose those of critical so be can success or talent no or little of people that crazy it Isn't
people! wonderful many so maimed and killed degenerate This it. buy don't importantly most but Magazine Stone Rolling about talk Don't
it! about talking are people last at them for now and circulation downward big with magazine dead a (is) was Stone Rolling is thing Sad
Champion a Like Think - opportunities" on focusing of instead problems on focusing time much too spend people "Sometimes
on. move to able be should and acquitted was he angel no is Zimmerman While on. move to time is It over. is trial Zimmerman The
stands! it line red a sets he When leader. resolute a is @netanyahu .@IsraeliPM
force! positive really gorgeous--a Smart USA. Miss Trump representing job fantastic a doing is Brady Erin .@MissUSA
@nbc! on Hall City Crocus from Airing 9th. November on Moscow to comes Pageant @MissUniverse Trump 2013 The
cover. @RollingStone a get then &amp; health to back nursed be children and women murdered who thug Jihadi a can America in Only
agree! people Many @B3kz0r
Thanks. @EastsideRJ @Preppermeister
proud! very is NYC Point. Ferry at course golf new my of architect the as job GREAT a done has .@jacknicklaus
fun! Have @CMCoe
you. Thank @francaselles
1.6%. of rate success a with election 2012 the in $400M blew Rove Karl 'Architect' the - followers 2M+ my for fact Fun
well-deserved. award MVP night's Last warrior. true A time. all of closer Greatest time. all of @Yankees top of one is Rivera Mariano
Thanks. #VAuction" the to donation big the for @realDonaldTrump go to "Way @PRGirl817
Thanks. @ESPN_Colin @JocelynClervil
honor! great My @espnradio
sucks! that magazine dying another just is Stone Rolling @jrmarsy
luck! Good @lakotadlustig
Thanks. @ShawnWHughes
thanks! Great @FunnyJS
Thx. book" the in wisdom and knowledge great the for much so you Touch...Thank Midas finishing just - "@realDonaldTrump @koneslager
way. the along achievement of sense the It's @dolla1125
http://t.co/uRKFmB5GaS Scotland" in One' in 'Hole Another Up Tees "Trump
luck! good Thanks it." love absolutely I and Success" to Way The 101 "Trump book: your read I "@realDonaldTrump @Terrell87
people. to nice being like I @Pliztef
it! love will You @BrikMillerEDG
luck. good and Thanks it..." loved I champion a like think reading finished just I "@realDonaldTrump @owenkopitekavan
Danny. you thank question nice Very @dszippit
effort. concentrated your of 100% than less nothing requires successful Being focused. totally Be
Carnegie Dale have." possibly could you habit worst the but energy of waste a only not is yourself for sorry "Feeling
her! ask will I idea Great @VINnipuncture
wins! league American
Thanks. @RussellCochran
player! terrific a are job-you Great @carlosbeltran15
Sad! @JMonaski1
Interesting. @markodero32
Thanks! @Polatseck
Carlos! going Cardinals-great the for winner total and player baseball terrific a into developing for Beltran Carlos to credit of lot a Give
Ali Muhammad - life.” in nothing accomplish will risks take to enough courageous not is who “He
Thanks. @MysticWolf12001
Thanks. perfect" sounds Trump President late!! too its before country our save please "@realDonaldTrump @IRideMarta:
fool. a be Don't @jonyeong
together. time of lots spend will They earth! on city greatest the for day sad A polls. latest the of top on are Spitzer and Weiner
True! @AustinSaysThat
promise. I @JesusSoGameeer
leadership! great for Pray Perhaps. @ugolf_ross
Great! @ajshaw1003
http://t.co/W80SNXR75A" Must-Read. A @realDonaldTrump. By: Billionaire. a Like "Think @jaime_rg
it! make will up--you give not Do @ADuanePotter
Interesting! @not_that_actor
stole! he intel the all them gave already Snowden it? grant Russia would Why Russia. in asylum requested has Snowden Traitor
Touch Midas – them.” need absolutely You’ll skills. public-speaking your improve to takes it whatever “Do
knowledge" your sharing for Thanks succeed. to want who entrepreneurs for manual the is Touch "Midas @realDonaldTrump .@ArceePalabrica
daily. families American working hard off rip to continues OPEC http://t.co/WIp3fMm2DI OPEC to due June in rose prices Consumer
Big -Think there.” stay to harder even work then and – top the to get to focused stay and hard work to need will you time the of “Most
Thanks. @Sandy070707
thanks. and Great @menyhoffman
you. Thank @John_Monteforte
you! Thank @underworldfilms
luck. Good @trace_barden
@Newsmax_Media http://t.co/OcJJzMNYP7 Country'" for Period 'Traumatic Trial Zimmerman "Trump:
http://t.co/Z3vnhC8qDa Scotland" in One' in 'Hole Another Up Tees "Trump @swan_investor: by @TheStreet Via
morning. this @IngrahamAngle on time great a Had
http://t.co/E0Q8nVM6VJ #RoadHard. movie the in being than other anything doing busy be will I Because
#RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie movie new @adamcarolla's in be to available not am I
$60K at list topped Quigley William artist by portrait my Hampton E. in portraits celebrity of auction charity a at that out found Just
Touch Midas – deliver.” you experience the and there out put you promise the is brand A logo. a not is brand “A
chance. great a Danielle Yes @pixxxxxiedust
late! very is it but happen to pipeline--has XL Keystone the approve eventually will Obama
Champion a Like Think – direction.” right the in going be you’ll and proportions equal in think and work “Learn
A-Rod. suspend will @MLB and lucky get will @Yankees the Maybe games. rehab single-A his to up show even doesn’t A-Rod Now
@gatewaypundit) (h/t sustainable. not is It http://t.co/ALM2gjreCQ $2.6T – promised Obama as much as times 3 cost will ObamaCare
enemy. our financing are We http://t.co/ljj6DcWb3Z threat greatest our China to aid foreign sending are We mad?! get to Ready
released? be pictures new will When campaigning. his upping is Weiner Anthony pervert sexting – careful Be
meltdown. financial 2008 in part major a played AIG at Greenberg Hank of harassment reaching over &amp; frivolous illegal Spitzer’s Eliot
again. office in Spitzer Elliot unstable mentally the is needs NYC All
http://t.co/YgeKalKmKu Wrestling" to Return a on Comments Trump "Donald @411mania: Via
http://t.co/SLNsimszFx reactions! and jury the of courage verdict &amp; trial Zimmerman the on int. @foxandfriends My
Helen Thanks @HelenPferdehirt
choice other little jury the gave law Florida in especially self-defense of concept the and evidence of lack the but angel no is Zimmerman
Thanks. @fordbeautyqueen
again! it at he's and ratings) zero and (boring shows T.V. all on fired was and disgrace in Governor as failed A.G. as failed Spitzer
early! results sell would he that concerned be would but Moscow in Pageant Universe Miss the at judge a be to Snowden Edward invite would I
luck! Good @EvanSMSolutions
back? Snowden lure can USA Miss Perhaps
9th. November on Moscow in Pageant Universe Miss the attending be will Snowden Edward traitor if wonder I
leaders. our taunting fun much too having are they but U.S. the to Snowden over hand should Russia
Wow! @rockster62
Thanks. @leighton_chris
Thanks. @jimdaniels_jd
Interesting. @anitanewell
True! @anitanewell
Thanks! @mikefavreece
thanks! and True @JTFoxx
Thanks! @BeaumontAnthony
http://t.co/pU9kwKxYV1 Watch- mess. a is system legal Our classes. her loved she that fact the despite businesses my of one suing is woman A
Champion a Like Think – work.” to chance a it give so – business your in and life your in play to part a has “Destiny
@TheScotsman via http://t.co/KuhD0b273h year" first bumper enjoys resort golf Menie "Trump’s
http://t.co/7uX5iAR6so Hotel” Latest Trump’s Becoming to Closer Step a Building DC “114-Year-Old CBSWashDC: Via
Picasso Pablo - success.” all to key foundational the is “Action
Billionaire a Like Think – wealth.” people's most of core the at certainly it's and business every almost of core the at is estate “Real
http://t.co/F894Av2VpH conferences. and events guests for open remains hotel The schedule. on are renovations $200M record .@TrumpDoral’s
you. Thank @JaiiderVilla
great. be will it Thanks @IAMAASHKA
crime! the knew fled-he who traitor a is He dope! a is otherwise thinks who Russia-anyone and China to information serious given has Snowden
again. big thinking Start failure. on dwell not Do on. move then quickly lessons your Learn end. the as failure any view not Do
field the on back him seeing to forward Look captain. @Yankees true a He's schedule. on progressing is assignment rehab Jeter’s Derek
then? home come he doesn’t Why Chinese. or Russians the to information any give not did he that claims now Snowden traitor Lying
Eisenhower D. Dwight - both.” loses soon principles its above privileges its values that people “A
equitable. not is it levels record at rising premiums With families? working not and businesses for delayed be ObamaCare should Why
implemented. fully be never May own. its on failing is which disaster complete a is ObamaCare predicted I as Just
enough! suffered have who homeowners for disaster a be would deduction interest mortgage the of rid Getting
Jackson. Andrew succeeded Buren Van Martin when 1836 in was pres. Democratic two-term a succeeded Democrat a time last Interesting…the
http://t.co/uwZ9EWDdVc Pune in project Indian first his of launch announces Trump Donald http://t.co/w5cPLpEGaU via
Birthday. Happy @djRandyRan
http://t.co/Xop9FeSMKc Medal” Liberty Class Ruling “The Lord: Jeffrey by article @AmSpec read Must
today. Tower Trump at me &amp; Ivanka visited She http://t.co/L2slCWA5cO killer father's her caught who woman brave very a is .@JoselynMartinez
@FoxNews. on fall this show solo afternoon an hosting to move big her on Carlson Gretchen to Congratulations
@theviewtv. on missed be will and person tremendous a is Elisabeth @foxandfriends. joining be will @ehasselbeck that news Great
http://t.co/jjfNhkjSEM #roadhard project movie @fundanything on @adamcarolla about today conference press a to forward Looking
Thanks. @rickywatt1
Great! @Skooogs
http://t.co/zriawmzJgb guy! great a what @TrumpTowerNY- at me visited .@IamStevenT
http://t.co/82lbwXpKed Spa Trump &amp; nightclub bar pool first Vancouver’s include will Vancouver Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump
http://t.co/aDfJpD7ySe central’ ‘pervert into York New turning Weiner Spitzer Trump: ROOM: TWITTER HILL’S THE
Thanks. @JoshuaMelhorn
garbage! of piece sided one wasteland--a ridden scandal a is BBC @LeapfrogMark
Thanks! @kjclt1
Thanks. @NebSeb
world. the over all joke a become has politics Weiner--NYC and perverts--Spitzer wacko two the With
businessman a as Eliot of much thought never who mine of friend (a father rich very his for worked own-he his on cents 10 made never Spitzer
jobs). (and losses in dollars of billions Country the cost and people good many ruined who A.G. and Governor horrible a was Spitzer Eliot
Eliana! correct are You @Macdaddyeli
knows? who - testing they aren't why but crash Fran San the caused that drugs not was probably It
amazing! been has it Thanks @flyingcolours66
RIDICULOUS! testing drug for late too be may - fault pilot's the totally was crash Fran San The
"off". really were PILOTS-they FOR TESTS DRUG NO WHY crash? Fran San Asiana of pilots the interview to long so investigators took What
awards! win and exciting it make he'd - there over things run to Pecker David pick definitely should Magazine .@TIME
Lombardi Vince - win.” never quitters and quit never “Winners
http://t.co/6Xxw9t8Zl4 Bill’ the ‘Kill @RichLowry editor @NRO &amp; Kristol William editor @weeklystandard by co-written editorial read Must
him. sheltering were They Abbottabad. in living was Laden Bin that knowledge full had intelligence Pakistani
House? the through amnesty push to trying today waste Rove Karl will money much How Tuesday. It’s
Deal The of Art The – deal.” best the is need you What location. best the need necessarily don't “You
http://t.co/VZr9jwKz29 elegance timeless and living inspired epitomize will Pune Towers Trump India in project first Organization's Trump
interesting… been have minutes…would few another on go to @SpitzerForNYC with interview her allow not did @morningmika bad Too
Pathetic central! pervert is York New office for running Weiner Anthony &amp; Spitzer With
Big Think – defeat.” accept you when only defeated are You mind. of state a is Defeat defeat. a not is setback or failure “A
money! away Giving http://t.co/CMFrwv0P5t @fundanything projects new the out check to sure Be
dumb! and lazy you're that rest the say - "tired" are you said You @RickHasAMartini
you! Thank @MsLisaALevy
http://t.co/6sLubEQyll Scotland. to business tremendous bringing world- the in courses golf great the of one built we that mentioned not Was
http://t.co/HEP1kOlty2 enjoy! shown- not were that interview the of parts large airing are we reputation lousy Sweeney's John on Based
you! Thank @PaulCrouch22
thanks. and True @Tomdoggy @stenbizzle
Scotland! for thing great a did I @vexnerd
thanks! and True @BeaumontAnthony
great! was She @jreid1973
you. Thank @dimasmoosa
Lincoln Pres. - difficulty." every in opportunity the sees optimist the and opportunity every in difficulty the sees pessimist "The
Thanks. @JackOLoughlin
Champion a Like Think - positive." remain and creative be patient be resilient be so cyclical are things that "Remember
True! @kylejkrantz
Scotland. to business world...bringing the in course golf greatest the perhaps built We @lexgates
Thanks! @L100RAN
Scotland. for great been Thanks--has @Tomdoggy @stenbizzle
Great! @NatalieJeeaann
True. @theoclass
Thanks. @Lee_Renn1
Big Think - them." to respond you how is matters really What time. to time from setbacks big encounter will you big think you "If
start. good a is Deal the of Art The @BrandIdeator
http://t.co/XRwaUGFUa8 OBAMA” FIRING TRUMP OF PARODY 'APPRENTICE' NEVER-AIRED “EXCLUSIVE: @mboyle1: by @biggovt @BreitbartNews Via
government. civil normal a form must they now and chaos in is country Their Egypt. to aid any cut not should We
Thanks. @ptr2mm
property? their near placed being farms wind fight and jets private use environmentalists wealthy the of lot a that ironic it Isn’t
politician! good a be to honest too am I correct probably are You @MarcoCompagno
http://t.co/Jt9wZhK5aa scarce becoming and falling are jobs full-time &amp; surging are jobs part-time ObamaCare of anticipation ?In
http://t.co/xtxcqqFubq Peninsula Verdes Palos the top on estates exquisite features @TrumpGolfLA course golf winning award an Besides
you. Thank @ChayalimBodedim
moron! me blame Yeah @KayJayButton
AMAZING determination! and courage tremendous showed who champion true a @andy_murray by job Fantastic @andy_murray
thanks! and True @chrisopherdavis
Chris. to Congrats Weidman! Chris champion new by out knocked got just Silva Anderson
Francisco! San in runway of short landed plane that seem Would
honor! Scotland Trump for you Thank - @GolfweekMag
World! The In Course Golf Day Modern Best The Course-Scotland Golf International Trump my named Magazine Week Golf great the that heard Just
true! So @TheRealKurse
Craig. Thanks @craig_longislnd
place! great Thanks-a @ruffff2
Becca. you Thank @BeccaPiano
Houston announced officially just Howard Dwight me to subject unimportant very a is this and wrong was I hoping were that those of all For
nice! very Christine Thanks @ChristineJude
Great! @drunkrhino
Houston. with signed just Howard Dwight
congrats-insight? get I Houston.Do to go would Howard Dwight that night last again and ago weeks two predicted I asked who those of all To
poorly! very it handled Paula But @lulabel3766
you! Thank @sirtyro
results! bad name well-nice so out working not is Spring" "Arab The
couple! wonderful A news! Great engagement. their announced just @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump son My
moron? puppy little a like me follow you do why Then @ninetek
World! the of haters and losers the perhaps than other - list my on last are Sharks
gone. are we after long around be will they worry don't and - sharks of fan a not just I'm folks Sorry
GREAT! be will Doral National Miami-Trump Leaving
true! So @farm_mom
YOU. TOLD I trade. free not trade FAIR http://t.co/aENXRcvMWg record” on level second-highest “the to May in jumped just deficit trade Our
@nbc! on 11.9 on Moscow in Pageant @MissUniverse Trump 2013 agenda the On http://t.co/E859qXEfHJ 9.3-4 on meeting Moscow Obama-Putin
safe. NY keeping for him thanking be should Yorkers New Kelly Ray Chief @NY_POLICE criticizing of Instead works. frisk and Stop
mistake. a made Obama worse. be will him replaces whoever because ousted been have should never Mubarak that said I 2011 In
http://t.co/W4yWnvMile green" getting links "Trump’s @nypost: Via
beautiful--thanks! it's right You're @lbenson3
construction! watch closely always - Doral National Trump new brand the of construction out checking be will I where Miami in arrived just I
well! really going is construction the - Post York New today's in Point Ferry at Links Trump on article Nice
players! his to adjust can't who coach bad really - L.A. in play to crazy be would He
end! the of beginning the - understood be cannot it complicated so is it because year a over by delayed got just Care Obama Wow
months! nine in time first for barrel per $100 over went just prices Oil
Thanks! @kennymacaskill1
(oil). money of plenty have help-they the for us pay they Will @BornAgain8344
Wrong! @Dzeroseven
great! That's @FamousUmair
one. create will idea Good @Pourquoipas20
you:-) Thank @DurangoRick
true! So @dwangpow
Aristotle - work." the in perfection puts job the in "Pleasure
Champion a Like Think – purpose.” of sense a us gives ego Our choice. healthy a is it acknowledging and ego an “Having
Touch Midas – why.” the with connect people because doing you’re what doing for reason good a have to have “You
Trump C. Fred father My – out.” Get right. done it Get done. it Get in. “Get
HBO. boycott should Catholics http://t.co/KzgtbWc87O show a calls he joke the on Church Catholic degraded continually has .@billmaher
over. is investigation until him suspend Should assignment. rehab to @AROD doping the sending mistake big a making are .@Yankees
fall. this DC Washington in entrepreneurialism in excellence for Award Foundation Spectator American the receiving be to honored am I
http://t.co/kkkwMsuSEY Uganda plaguing corruption of culture the about worry should Thakkar J. Ashish me attacking of Instead
go! him parole—let for up he’s but prison to went then &amp; company great a into Tyco made who Kozlowski Dennis know don’t I
traitor. wiseguy another just are you reality In justice. face and home back come then hero a such you’re if Snowden
Interesting. protests. anti-Mubarek 2011 than larger times 10 are protests Anti-Morsi
http://t.co/nhFEbOs73Y beach a &amp; golf class world residences lavish combine to Rico Puerto in development 1st is Rico Puerto Trump
you! Thank @DurangoRick
immediately. him paying stop would I @jaymztyler
Big Think - life." in do you what matter no successful be to going never are you or do you what love to have "You
it? believes really he think you Do Africa. in Washington George to Mandela Nelson compared Obama Yesterday
Africa. in $7B waste or illegals to amnesty grant Not here. invest &amp; worker American the about concerned be should We
@JTSTheHill by @thehill via http://t.co/Y8wsKau2GY US" embarrassing Snowden traitor' 'Terrible "Trump:
excellent! be will Show Crossfire. @CNN’s on @newtgingrich joining on @secupp to Congratulations
Mubarak to did he as resignation Morsi’s demand Obama will When http://t.co/AAJxDF90Bl ouster Morsi’s for Egypt in protesting Millions
http://t.co/XCgycLQa3H NYC outside minutes 25 just course yard 7291 a features @TrumpNationalNY NY Briarcliff beautiful in Located
http://t.co/xrx9LVuACe America" Fix Can I Trump: "Donald @reason: Via
them. bless God wildfire. Arizona the fighting died who firefighters brave 19 the of families the w/ are prayers and thoughts Our
was! he bet I'll @spence_derek
@EricTrump job Great http://t.co/BN24ZrlIfl Charlotte" uptown in expanding about thinking family says son Trump's "Donald WSOC_TV: Via
now! and.Friends Fox
countries! other with U.S. the the killing absolutely is Snowden Edward
tragedy! terrible - Arizona in killed firefighters 19
rampant! is corruption - stolen be will Obama per as Africa to going billion $7 the of penny Every
you. Thank @kenzig
money! the watch always construction In renovation. million $250 the out check to week this Miami in Doral National Trump to going am I
believe. to Hard court! in win not would they way no is There contract. A-Rod's terminatrd haven't Yankeed the that disappointed so am I
ego! her on less &amp; up price stock F the get to trying time more spend should She Minutes. 60 on Sandberg Sheryl COO Facebook watched Just
True! @danshaw2012
loser! and hater lonely &amp; sad another just - "them" with dealing are you that yourself to realize wig a wear I that tweets someone Everytime
mine all but hairstyle my like not may Some "wig". a wear don't know)-I they as (and losers &amp; haters the for month a once this doing like I
stats. at it-look with nothing do or inheritance their blow do kids most City-and Atlantic in money of lot a made Wrong @CarlosGerboles
you. Thank @ebrumby
says? he crap the with away get to allowed he is how So @spsmith78
(lazy!). losers and haters the experience-unlike his of benefit the and motivation brain (great) good a is me gave really father my What
bad? billion-is $10 over to times many many it multiplied I and will) father good a (as money some me left father my that fact the mean You
Dems. for vote mostly will They @KillngAmerJobs
past! Check intellect. great a as off himself pass to hard so tries but rock a as dumb is he - show terrible his and @billmaher get don't I
Einstein --Albert knowledge." than important more is "Imagination
Jobs Steve - innovations." other with on get and quickly them admit to best is It mistakes. make you innovate you when "Sometimes
Zucker. Jeff by move Great Crossfire. @CNN co-host to signed being on @newtgingrich? to Congratulations
eagles bald incl. killed wildlife depreciated estate real More America. in windmills more finance will plan tax carbon Obama’s
Big Think – yourself.” outdo to strive “Always
http://t.co/1u2PNTPMCZ lifestyle wonderful and elegant an offers @TrumpTO story 65 the Toronto downtown of heart the in Situated
http://t.co/eod0dxXBTg waste--horrible! Unnecessary turbines. wind by caused destruction the of example Another
records-traitor! those sold or gave then He records. U.S. secret top to access get education school high a even not with Snowden did How
kidding). (just hours? 40 Only @Rogerjmunson
secrets). U.S. many away gave he (where lands foreign to away happily jetted he before away passport Snowden's taking not imagine you Can
catastrophe?" a it is or blip a this "is yourself Ask perspective. in difficulties Keep
fleece.” little and squealing of lots there’s pig: a shearing like is “it issue Snowden re Putin
traitors? to did we what know you do great was country our When traitor. a is Snowden but like you way any it Call
Tzu Lao – power.” true is yourself Mastering strength. is others “Mastering
Big -Think trends. by brought needs human the for solutions big create &amp; big think can you if profits for opportunities huge are There
fun! Have @chambertalk @AGCCevents
it! isn't sad Very @inkinhole
Thanks! @TrumpLasVegas @VinceMirabelli
fun. Have @Rich_LaBelle
pretty! be not would answer An @KennethHazlett
fix-up. same the needs country Our @MIbrunette
Obama! us gave also Bush not or it like you Whether
terrible! was Bush it Face Miers. Harriet also but Roberts only not us given have would Bush Conservatives for but Remember
go. will judges Republican the side which about think to have but rule to going are liberals four the how know always we do Why
amnesty. with obsessed They're it? defunding Congress isn't Why http://t.co/V5ExFfIXHk raise" your up "eat could ObamaCare
http://t.co/ASIzGZlaWT groups Party Tea targeted only IRS the that proves audit released Newly surprise! a What
cast. entire the was night—as last @LuckyGuyPlay in fabulous was .@tomhanks
http://t.co/SHszxX9M9J amenities class world w/ filled acres exquisite 20 features Mar-a-Lago historic FL Beach Palm in Located
Bonaparte Napoleon - opportunity.” without nothing is “Ability
NYC. of Mayor for polls some in leading is Weiner Anthony pervert sexting believe to is it as hard As
economy. world leading the as us of takeover their hastens It laughed! They yesterday. speech change climate Obama’s loved China
everyone. for food &amp; fuel of costs raise and living of standard our lower will It scary. was change climate on speech Obama’s
Champion a Like Think yourself.” for great something building to way the on tools learning be can They mistakes. of afraid be “Don’t
Gucci. and parlor cream ice cafe bar restaurant service full a offers icon) NY (a @TrumpTowerNY Avenue Fifth over Shining
elite! be will completed When schedule. on right are renovations of $200M @TrumpDoral’s Miami in ever projects expensive most the of One
estate! Real @nstegm
you! Thank @pearlharry
Interesting! @cherrie_stevens
Great! @Fordette12
hard! luck--work Good @DerrinTexada
best! the is Finance of School Wharton The @DanilluHermman
back! be will She mistake. her admitting fot credit some given be must but word forbidden a using in mistake big a made Deen Paula
Report Robb to also you Thank built! ever greatest the perhaps considered now is built-it have I course golf the love Scotland of people The
approval:-) 93% shown have Polls community. the for done has it things great the and course the love residents all Almost @michael74085825
you. Thank @lmetzger3590
better! MUCH is Pageant USA Miss @DreadPhil1
spell. to how learn dope-and you etc. Zell Icahn Kravis Buffett like laws B the use I businessman. spell even can't You @BlackFridayMGT
@Macy's. sellers hot are cufflinks and ties shirts the because up gave They @micr0driguez
out! them check - cufflinks@Macy's and shirts ties of selection great and New
Thanks. @KevinwArchie
series. of MVP winning &amp; win #StanleyCup the for @88PKane Kane Patrick Tower Trump Chicago of resident great our to Congratulations
Touch Midas - audience." your onto focus your turn to is it overcome to way one communicating time hard a have you "If
Big Think - information." new with mind your fill Constantly ideas. big of collector a Be ideas. big with mind your stimulating "Keep
speech. and visit summit @theFAMiLYLEADER my to forward Looking
Canyon. Grand over feat incredible his for credit enough given wasn’t he given been he's as credit much As #Skywire .@NikWallenda
first! worker American the about worry to need We
to. listened be least at should opinions expert Their http://t.co/TKdvhhh9hE bill amnesty the oppose border the secure who Unions
privilege. a it’s right a not is citizen US a Becoming
laws. our breaking by country this into got who people with sided senators @GOP 15 Yesterday
you. Thank @MFMagOfficial
http://t.co/X5VAXwIb66 Speculation” 2016 Raises Visit Iowa “Trump @Newsmax_Media: Via
it! for Go @EcatXerxes
you! Thank @lorenzolamas
luck! nice--good really That's @513pango
evil. of plenty is certainly There @cwbmustang
Thanks. @HalfMoon4Life
Great! @TrumpToronto @1DavidKim
it! enjoy better Much @paulcdevlin
Champion a Like Think – tenacious.” more even another make will but person one out wipe will events “Some
business. American killing are others) (&amp; China and ObamaCare $17T. top to about is debt Our
become. has U.S. the weak how showing is Snowden
Tuesday. on warming global about talking is Obama yet more) much (and Snowden on China and Russia by embarrassed being are We
http://t.co/CgTTujEi6K August. this Iowa in summit @theFAMiLYLEADER addressing be to honored and Excited
http://t.co/AO22TZdhJO stay hotel Diamond Five your to prestige and glamor both brings @TrumpNewYork Park Central Overlooking
http://t.co/7uPBazNASv Trump-Damac by named designer course golf Olympic @HotelierME: Via
http://t.co/YzdxvYAwWb Hotels" Trump at menu room-service healthy new oversees "@IvankaTrump @nydailynews: Via
Anthony Birthday Happy @ARMusicPlanner
http://t.co/38ZYbpj4t3 unethical. &amp; unfair is office General’s Atty the of use Schneiderman’s Eric think Democrats &amp; liberals Even
http://t.co/38ZYbpj4t3 Republicans against hunt witch Schneiderman’s Eric about NYPost today’s in article Gasparino’s Charles See
Ireland? or @pbanura
fun! Have @TrumpPhillyPro @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyGM
city. beautiful a is it Thanks @TrumpCollection @BestNewProduct
stay! your Enjoy @EWErickson
you! meeting Great @caroleapple
Ford Henry - success." is together Working progress. is together Keeping beginning. a is together "Coming
Kennedy F. John future." the miss to certain are present or past the to only look who those And life. of law the is "Change
luck. Good @WWEfan123444
http://t.co/dbATc2iKyc Scotland. Links Golf International Trump world- the in course golf new best for trophy @RobbReport the Receiving
crazy? we reduce—are to wants deterrent—U.S. nuclear its of weakening a allow can’t Russia says Putin
Thanks. @I_Am_Optimistic @CosmicShiftBar
luck. Good @BarriMedia
will! and do I Thanks @CamaroDays @fubaglady
Thanks! @KJLLeonard
daily. IQ financial your increasing includes diligence Due
present. the beyond look visionaries—they are investors best The
good. some do will it where earth to down it bring and work the do focus you until vision remains Vision
now! on game Good knows. who but - Heat the beat to Spurs the for hard be will it sports of history the in chokes great the of one After
coming? Arrest me-fraud. to attributed quote phoney Care Gandolfini-Obama James the of "forgery" committed who person the caught people My
http://t.co/XCUB4udps1 hello. say to by stopped .@GovernorPerry
reason. a for there They're skills. your honed you've after even instincts your Trust negotiation: Re
great. be will Thanks--it @rtwing1020
problem. the not solution the at opportunity--look an as conflict any View thinking. positive Practice goals. your on focused Keep
art. an it makes what that's lines--and fine of lot a includes Negotiation power. than more persuasion is Negotiation
Interesting. reserves. oil in $20T has Iraq $17T. reach to about is debt Our
Trump. with obsessed is Danny Loser @DannyZuker
Mister. careful Be ObamaCare. and Gandolfini James of hoax the did who know We
him. miss all will We man. decent a also was He talent. remarkable a was Gandolfini James
Touch Midas – gratifying.” as well as possible seem will expansion your and mind in standard brand your “Keep
tweet). saw (nobody story fabricated totally delete-a no was there and tweet no was There G. James about tweet a deleted I said dope Some
name. my use people sick very Sadly Gandolfini. James liked truly I guy a about thing a such say would I believe really would Who
style! my Not me. to it attributed and out it put else somebody - Care Obama and G. James about comment ridiculous the made never I
you. Thank @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @Matglav
strong! Stand today. DC on marching for Patriots Party Tea all salute I
commentator. and woman wonderful a She's @FoxNews. on back @SarahPalinUSA see to Great
insights. of Lots back. paper in out is Amateur’ ‘The book .@Ed_Klein’s
true. So @TheBigAStabile
you! Thank @tubby511
nice! very you Thank @LongLiveTheBOSS
7! game for NOW you. of proud are Doral National Trump club golf favorite your at friends your - Heat The by comeback Amazing
good. game-really the Watch
now! right on going game basketball Great
friend? best new my become he will so if - Moscow in November in Pageant Universe Miss The to going be will Putin think you Do
them. for Summer long a be will it or playing start better they - kicked ass it's getting is Heat Miami The
together! countries our bring will that deal big A 9th. November on RUSSIA MOSCOW from live broadcast be will Pageant Universe Miss The
Nice sir!" you meet to honor an is it Trump "Mr. said nervously he me near came he As known). (well night last hater Twitter Trump a met I
winner. a makes what That’s up. get and hits the Take down. back never – entrepreneurs Young
big! think Always complacent. become Never limits. your testing Keep
apology! an with and jet) fastest their (by U.S. the to returned been already have would Snowden President were I if that is say can I All
action illegal continues he as us at laughing is China U.S.prestige. and countries other with relations our to damage great doing is Snowden
over turned not if trade China on tax a place to time Great Country. a as us mocking is He U.S. the taunting and China in sitting is Snowden
her. to woman-unfair young fine a is she way the By Utah. Miss and U.S.A. Miss about talking is everybody losers and haters not or it Like
terrible. it’s fact In good. is stuff @DannyZuker’s think don’t I writer a for Frankly
anything! at me beat can’t He me. beat he that tweeting losers &amp; haters &amp; friends his has he but @DannyZuker own I
borders! our Secure failure. for destined country a is borders own its respect or control not does that country A
@MissUniverse @MissUSA anyone! to happen thought—could of train her lost simply She unfair. very is Utah Miss on story Trending
http://t.co/9Jh3WpcaJr engaged being not Obama Benghazi on retribution no resonating not scandals Obama on int. @gretawire My
Twitter." on Fight to Want Don't You Journos "10 of list @FishbowlDC’s making on @NolteNC &amp; @mboyle1 @EmilyMiller to Congratulations
performances! @DJPaulyD’s &amp; @JonasBrothers loved Everyone @MissUSA! hosting job wonderful a did both @nickjonas &amp; .@GiulianaRancic
http://t.co/oNW1joJtI0 2013 @MissUSA winning Brady Erin Conneticut’s – moment crowning The
@MissUniverse! in well-represented be will America @MissUSA! 2013 the crowned being on Brady Erin Connecticut’s to Congratulations
Great! captured. be will and fled other perpetrators-the the of one shooting by invasion home violent a stopped just Vegas Las in family A
BILLIONS?ZERO $ AND LIVES OUR FOR GET WE WILL WHAT regime. current the as bad as just are "rebels" the Syria of out hell the stay should We
losers! and haters the even all to Day Father's Happy
evening! great a be Vegas-will Las in tomorrow U.S.A. Miss to Come @LeoDiCaprio
Ford Henry – remedy.” a Find fault. find “Don’t
city. great this enjoy time good a Have @quicksorter
Great! @Eurphrosye
Thanks! @AdeleBrumley
Champion a Like Think - you." surprise never should they and territory the with come Problems solving. problem becomes often "Work
http://t.co/wanFsBN6vi to go details show other as well as contestants 2013 USA Miss the of preview advance an For
http://t.co/lNzWBUUvQl us hacking China and security national traitor the Snowden on interview @piersmorgan My
Anna. Thanks @DuchessofDallas
in! Tune performing. be will @JonasBrothers NBC. on ET PM 9 at night Sunday -- 2013 USA Miss co-hosting are @nickjonas &amp; .@GiulianaRancic
http://t.co/Iq2XCJkeyN Vegas. Las Hollywood Planet from Live ET. PM 9 at night Sunday 2013 USA Miss Watch
http://t.co/mahENjAx8f @Macys available exclusively is Collection Signature gift.Trump perfect the Find Sunday. is Day Father’s
announcement… Big week. next Vancouver visiting to forward looking are I and .@IvankaTrump
http://t.co/qSECceMTKz @TrumpTowerNY. of atrium the in put we which cake beautiful this me sent and @CakeBossBuddy to went mine of friend A
banks. the from directly Buy foreclosures. up holding are courts The property. residential buy to time great a Still
today? off us ripped OPEC has much How Thursday. It’s
calm. stay and focus your keep Always opportunities. present Challenges
nice! very -- wishes birthday kind your for everyone to Thanks
chance! no have You @Teerellz_95
life! his of all has he like kicked ass his getting is Danny Hater @Sir_KLZA
truth. the tell Now @wfdelong
Danny! Sorry child. backward and dumb very a of mind the has Writer boring. really moron a by written - Family Modern watching tried Just
pathetic! so are you .Sam @WhiskeySam99
SAD. helpless! are leaders our and economically U.S. the destroying is others) (and China that see to stupid too is @DannyZuker Lightweight
president? became Obama since up blown has East Middle the that coincidence a it Is
ObamaCare? cut and defund to possible everything doing congress @GOP the isn’t Why
MacArthur Douglas General - soul." the wrinkles Quitting body. the wrinkles "Age
(stupid)! easy and pathetic just.so is he because up starts he when verbally @DannyZuker lightweight hitting resist can't I
loser! total a Danny--You're .@DannyZuker
great! been has staff His D.C. in Friday on Dinner Gala @FaithandFreedom @ralphreed’s at speaking to forward Looking
thanks. and fun Have @scottymcd1980
courage! Show game. the play to money the you lend Family Modern on bosses your Danny—Let .@DannyZuker
http://t.co/U61ppIDkPg (cont) it’s but bet my take wouldn’t You you. forgotten have people because again up starting You’re .@DannyZuker
http://t.co/1kEFq9Kgmb (cont) is who Aberdeen in development farm wind unfeasible economically the of out dropped @VattenfallGroup If
justice! escaping is He America. in be would he then hero a such was Snowden If
#TimetoGetTough trouble. real in is country our Now listen. to wanted one No 80’s. the as early as since China about warning been I've
http://t.co/Gcmv8Tpihp Angeles. Club--Los Golf National Trump me: of compliments golf of round A @scottymcd1980
predicted! have could anybody than worse far roof the through gone have military the in assaults sexual Wow
Victoria. birthday Happy @lovevictoria
Matt! Thanks @MatthewJPizzo
Aberdeen. destroy to tried @VattenfallGroup Amazing…
scheme. trading emissions EU’s the in companies carbon-intensive most the of rankings Data’s Carbon topped has .@VattenfallGroup
Maimonides – indecision.” of terror the to preferable is decision wrong a of risk “The
you. Thank @jhayman2
you. Thank @RoborBobor
Big Think - ideas. new spawn to information this use &amp; information new with mind your Fill ideas. big with mind your stimulating Keep
Billionaire a Like Think - works." it but simple It's job. wonderful a do You'll yourself. for working you're that pretend "Always
http://t.co/JBEfvwGmYD handbasket’" a in hell to going is country ‘This says Trump "Donald @EmilyMiller: by @WashTimes Via
Barbara! love I Achievement! Lifetime for Award Mayor's @MadeinNY the winning on @BarbaraJWalters to Congrats
them. of all w/ away get him help Could time. right the at him hit all they that seems it Obama plaguing scandals many so With
person! &amp; player great A Open. French the winning on @serenawilliams to congratulations Belated
http://t.co/Gcmv8Tpihp Dye Pete by designed course public 7242-yard a features views Ocean Pacific panoramic has .@TrumpGolfLA
scam. total a is it -- “diet” to relative handle twitter my mention that tweets phony those of all to attention pay don’t Please
them! like just winner a is Tim @TimTebow. on @Patriots the of Belichick Bill &amp; Kraft Bob to going Great
job! great and Thanks @Macys @missally52
thanks! too Me @Macys @Tedieballgame
run! will She @Rosemarrisa
http://t.co/cigLKiMoMV Scotland- Links Golf International Trump at hole 18th the on I and .@DonaldJTrumpJr
you! Thank @jtotoole @CNNMoney @JBradleyDesign1
you. Thank @nicla_b
Ruth Babe - games.” today's win don't runs home “Yesterday's
@Macys--thanks! great doing are ties and Shirts
http://t.co/vbhnNma66A people! fantastic really Team- SWAT Jersey New County Somerset
busy! really just Thanks @kevindrako2
Big Think – focus.” destroys “Worry
Ally? http://t.co/XJToExBsJH Mexico including hemisphere our in countries arming &amp; waters our in warships sailing openly is China
CA. in Obama with met Pres. Chinese the time same the At Kong?! Hong in openly living is leaker NSA the that coincidence A
http://t.co/OwjdB1pS5F pageant World Miss in bikinis no &amp; China in hiding blower whistle data collecting gov. on int. .@foxandfriends
http://t.co/btYN9USGyo hotel” luxury into Office Post Old DC's convert to Trump Donald taps “U.S. @jtotoole: by @CNNMoney Via
http://t.co/GzzmNzPx2a World" the in Course Golf Best Scotland Trump Report: "Robb @Newsmax_Media: Via
yes. and Lots @Insanepricing
ET! 8 at it miss @DiscoveryCanada--don't on #MightyPlanes of episode Sunday's on featured be will plane private luxury ultra My Canadians:
! http://t.co/Q3ONewMKKG at Vote Fan #MissUSA 2013 the --- contestant @MissUSA favorite your for Vote
ET! 8 at it miss @DiscoveryCanada--don't on #MightyPlanes of episode Sunday's on featured be will plane private luxury ultra My Canadians:
restaurants! food bad his are about cares he All 20%. almost down are Carter Graydon sleepy by run @VanityFair for sales Newsstand
price low at beautiful really are they - cufflinks and suits ties shirts Trump J. Donald get to today Macy's to goes everybody hope I
amazing! - course Sea North second the announcing Scotland of Dunes Great the on conference news major a for ready getting Scotland in I'm
Big Think – rigid.” or narrow-minded being mean not does Focus focused. flexibly “Be
Picasso Pablo -- working." you find must it but exists "Inspiration
Thanks. @sanmiguel_23
championships. club golf--18 at me beat never could You @tylerhogan1
price. the paid team--he own his on bet he didn't But @rjchoppy @ChrisSuprun
http://t.co/6paf5iPAqK World. the of hotels great the of one DC in Office Post Old the making to forward look We
restaurants. food bad his runs Graydon as down going circulation see they work at day Every employees. @VanityFair all for bad feel I
estate. real love I paid. I than more $60M $100M for mansion Beach Palm a selling by history U.S. in sale house largest the done I've
@gatewaypundit Hoft Jim by work investigative Great http://t.co/lhUdSYPjLc Chief IRS With Meetings WH Attended Cutter Stephanie
more! even you love will father Day--your Fathers for @Macys shirts &amp; ties Trump Remember
http://t.co/mahENjAx8f attire business male all tops @Macys available exclusively Collection Signature Trump best. your Dress
http://t.co/09uBwNKHcf amenities &amp; dining top @TrumpNewYork rooms hotel Star 5 luxurious with City York New over Looking
http://t.co/j7zTv8BLWZ spot" Open US earns protégé "Trump's @FoxSportsGolf: Via
values. property low &amp; deaths eagle more secured just also They http://t.co/NFAarkCoxj windfarms for $1.2B secured has CA County Kern
pinstripes. the wear to deserve not does He NYC. embarrassed &amp; fans the to lied organization @Yankees blessed the disgraced has A-Rod
true! So @Judare
http://t.co/pt4JrevifH Sea. North the on clubhouse Our @tfore4
daily financed are causes which see to @fundanything Follow crowdfunding. revolutionizing and money away Giving
http://t.co/2LU7ZqdtFc Wyman Brad producer and FundAnything re: in just This
Brandon. Thanks @Brandon_Grip
birthday. happy a mother your Wish @shelleysherwin
you! Thank @glenda_goff
you. Thank @Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago @PIERPAOLOMONNI
it. of proud very Thanks @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523
Totally! @Cgroll33
already! price the paid has leader hits all-time The Fame. of Hall Baseball The in allowed be now should Rose Pete
union! the of help the with even paid gotten have would he way no is there - Rod A on number major a done have would Steinbrenner George
ago). time long a stopped have should (and paying stop to right perfect a have they - Rod A pay to continue Yankees the believe can't I
money. of lot a me pay does it but Apprentice original the to comparison in joke a is show The @go_onrob
facts. your check Go Park? the in people mugging brutally they them-weren't about concerned Not @dblsolo700
now! ORDER AND LAW want people These communities. Hispanic and American African the in are crimes violent of victims primary the Likewise
is! it like it tell correct-must politically so being stop must we problem the solve to going are we if and crime violent to comes it When
discussed. be subject-must tough hispanics-a and blacks by committed is cities major our in crime violent of amount overwhelming the Sadly
white. 1% 98%. to goes figure that Hispanics add you blacks-if are City York New in shootings the all of 80% O'Reilly Bill to According
guy. fantastic a is and Apprentice Celebrity on winner a was John @Stjude. fot concert great a such on putting for @johnrich to Thanks
kids. helping loves who boy good really a is He @StJude. for money of lot a raised and event great another done just has @EricTrump son My
conference. Links-press Golf International Trump of success great the celebrate team my help to today Scotland Aberdeen to going be will I
case! this settle not better City The night? that Park the in people mugging brutally they weren't what of Innocent @charleyUfarley
ago. time long a him paying stopped have should They @arid93
idiot! you Wrong @happyloner
Douglas. Michael &amp; world the in everyone by sued being is who Armstrong Lance as down go may history in interviews dumbest two The
record? all-time an be this Could Open? U.S. the for qualified Herman—who Jim &amp; Nieporte pros—John golf two have else anyone Does
@usopengolf Open! U.S. the for qualifying for NJ Club/Bedminster Golf Nat'l Trump at pro golf ass't my Herman Jim to Congratulations
trials. intriguing and interesting most the of one be Will today. starts prosecution Bulger’s Whitey
@mboyle1 by @BreitbartNews via http://t.co/BuAooKSHjl WISH'” 'DEATH REPUBLICAN A BILL IMMIGRATION “TRUMP:
http://t.co/dq1i7UuWwV plan” course golf new out lay to Trump “Donald TheScotsman: @ Via
http://t.co/0xxSwuNaZq Nothing" Gets US Oil; Iraq Gets China "Trump: Coren: Courtney by @Newsmax_Media Via
@usopengolf Open! U.S. the for qualifying for Nieporte John (Florida) Club Golf International Trump of pro head my to Congratulations
Birthday! Happy @ArthurDeMeyer
turmoil! total in are Forces Armed years. previous from up year-way last military the in assaults sexual 26000
Doral. National Trump Miami in place favorite your at friends your of all from congratulations - tonight great looked Heat Miami The
John! you Thank @JohnSim96499126
true. is That @ericfranson
ridiculous! - damages seeking are they now and - Park? the over all people mugging brutally they weren't really Oh @RealDonalDrumpf
ass! dumb Bankrupt went never bigs-I other all almost and Paulson Icahn Kravis Buffett like mean You @charleyUfarley
you. Thank @Vincent_Moretti
Fifth. and 57th Thanks @ThomasVanhoutte
tie. the father--enjoy your to hi Say @rodmonium91
nice. very you Thank @D4Dufour
you! Thank @theronnivp
building! great Thanks @TrumpPanama @GenevieveByrne
tie! Trump a without even TV on great look always You @BroRay @sdoocy
@FoxNewsInsider via http://t.co/dGtrcHr5WO Bike New for Prayer Boy's Answers Trump Donald FLASHBACK:
http://t.co/4eIxT7O0zf amnesty behind financing wing left the exposing in work great do to continues .@BreitbartNews
http://t.co/9b4Fbu7GDy Iraq" in boom oil post-Saddam this of beneficiary biggest the are Chinese "The
us. at laughs China deliverables. zero get will He http://t.co/EVgjZXfHKD week this Pres. China’s with meeting is Obama Pres.
http://t.co/jXPKC2ClgC icon architectural America’s Central is design sail majestic the @TrumpPanama Bay Panama above stories 70
Champion a Like Think - direct." and fast short it Keep babbling. consciousness of stream for place no is "Business
@AmSpec Lord Jeffrey by http://t.co/y7QMUDHWMm Trump” Donald Ignore “Never
http://t.co/v3G1dqq17J @woodruffbets by 2016" Eyes Trump "Donald @NRO: Via
Paul. Thanks @TalentedPaul
Congrats! by. stop I'll there I'm If married. get to place beautiful most &amp; best the is me--Mar-a-Lago need don't You @PartylikeRlove1
Report. Robb The by World In Course New Best named course golf great our having just for Scotland and Aberdeen to Congratulations
World! In Course Golf New Best the Links Golf International Trump naming just for issue Best the of Best The Report Robb the to you Thank
luck! Good focused. keep and hard work Then work. your for passion have to have doing--you love you something Find @ArronJ1
beautiful! Day—they’re Father’s for now them buy Go @Macys. shirts &amp; ties of selection new great a got Just
damages! me pay should They case. frivolous this brought having for ashamed be should lawyer blowhard her &amp; Goldberg Ms.
over… officially now is case The Chicago. in Goldberg by brought claims remaining two the on favor my in ruled Eve St. Judge Today
luck! Good @Fan_JCena
great. is tour boat architectural The @alecmillionaire
Deal the of Art The – itself." of care take will upside the and downside the “Protect
is! this story big a What Defense. or State of Sec. than more far times 157 House White visited Commissioner stuff-IRS Serious
FOX! on job great a do you and Heather Thanks @HeatherChilders
nuts! going be would Steinbrenner George friend great my - Mets the to games four all losing embarrassed be to have really Yankees The
time! great a Sara--have Hi @4geiger
Matt. Thanks @MatthewJPizzo
Big Think – people.” successful in found qualities important are those think I tough. &amp; stubborn obstinate being on myself pride “I
will! else one no yourself promote not do you if that remember always should entrepreneurs Young
us. hate that countries on dependent be to continue to want we unless fast frack and now Frack
project. the left just smartly they Besides Defense. of Ministry the with issues the solve never will .@VattenfallGroup
problems defense radar military solve couldn’t project—they windfarm of out dropped @VattenfallGroup that reasons many the of One
sales. for again name my use can’t He bomb. may album next Miller’s Mac Little
http://t.co/C2R5eiLsoZ challenge great a be will course new The Miami. revitalizing are renovations @DoralResort .@TrumpCollection’s
@marklevinshow - tyranny." despises He government. despise not does Conservative “The
daily.#timetogettough blind us Robs R&amp;D. &amp; military our Hacks 500%. by holdings US private Increased Obama. under great done has China
http://t.co/eW8mdKzDiz Leadership'" for 'Desperate Americans "Trump: @Newsmax_Media: Via
http://t.co/QXBuM8hR9n military our hacking China &amp; Syria country our in leadership for need the 2016 re: interview @TeamCavuto My
easy! debt--it's eradicating of king the am True--I @ChristianVaux
you! Thank @thejbrain
magazine. Dying @VanityFair @_BOSS_TALK_ @1BrianPadilla
Thanks. @Wicz_2003
you. Thank @cbmcq
http://t.co/7cN2yzp8mN @KatieShow: today’s on winner prize Nobel future a Surprising
Thanks! @cronin_michelle
Thanks. @Mitchell_Traver
Mallory! Thanks @mallorybeck17
one? Which @_Warrendya_
Thanks. @sarah_e_smith9
Champion a Like Think – luck.” and work aptitude of combination a it’s think I talent? natural a success business “Is
also. U.K. from receive I but Thanks @tonyfernandes @yati_isma
Thanks. @murraybrown10
hard! too it--work like feel don't I but Thanks @Katdhairstudio
son. great a had you bet I'll @raffie100
No. @amandaphantm
Joanna. Hi @NYCTiggy
up! give never to them Tell sons. your to Hi @pastorshanewest
debt? our on this offset we enemy.Should our is China designs. weapon advanced our hacked successfully has China that announced has Military
excuses! No IRS. &amp; Benghazi on commissions Form ceiling. debt on negotiate Out ObamaCare. together.Defund act its get better GOP House
@nfl. the in be to deserves He lead. to ability proven a and talent tremendous has .@TimTebow
problem. our NOT is Syria http://t.co/DCgP83Oxas Islamists Qaeda Al protect to Syria in zone no-fly a put unilaterally to wants Obama
ObamaCare. la a monstrosity another is It pages. 1000 over is bill amnesty new The
you. thank cool Very @katiecouric @KatieShow @francaselles
you. Thank @JATBWIFEE
much! Pretty @volkermillion
Enjoy! @TrumpGolfLinks @GraemeReid1984
Chris! Thanks @katiecouric @KatieShow @chrisinspfld
http://t.co/O6iLCR7AUy River Chicago the over levels 92 soars @TrumpChicago City Windy the to luxury true Bringing
http://t.co/fcgyn2yH54 magazine—thanks! great honor Great Scotland. Links Golf Int'l Trump Courses: Golf 2013 Best .@robbreport
Yes. @onedaddy26
http://t.co/7cN2yzp8mN @KatieCouric: with @KatieShow of episode Thursday’s on kid special really a for surprise a have I
birthday! Happy @jakewittman
Yes. @lisakaminsky
guy! good a and smart well-tough really do would he think and @ericbolling know I But @BollingsBalls
hear. I what That's @ClassicEd
Big Think – yourself.” on up give “Never
(@Macys). them love people Thanks @bomoca
Friedman Milton - nonwork.” subsidizes and work taxes increasingly that system a have “We
http://t.co/2lvC2xuEON @fundanything &amp; @realDonaldTrump about story @washingtonpost out check it missed you case In @fundanything RT
good. country's for can you Yes @MANDCNorthEast
dollars. trillion 17 owes rich not is U.S.A. @Austile147
grills. family for Bad http://t.co/NoJ0mgCS2L pockets consumers hitting are prices beef Record here. is Inflation
Thanks. @TheRC3
sucks! project the No @VattenfallGroup @MatthewLumby
horrible! are they hard Fight @tdragonfly
nice. and sweet really and beautiful No @MELANIATRUMP @smickiwench
Thanks. @BeccaPiano
http://t.co/x4sqxEcduo run” 2016 researching “Trump @PageSix: @nypost’s Via
Yes! @TomPuiseux
reporters. its of intimidation administration's Obama the against employees @FoxNews’ supporting publicly for Ailes Roger commend I
http://t.co/ETm9mxCash union? a form they should -- horribly employees treats Midwest in stores improvement home Menards of Menard John
yearly? £25M lose will it when windfarm ill-conceived @VattenfallGroup's in invest to enough stupid be would Who
necessary. permits many the get to unable are they &amp; investigation major under are @VattenfallGroup executives two Additionally
it. hate protestors viable--&amp; economically not out—project dropped has fiasco windfarm Aberdeen in investor lead .@VattenfallGroup
us! helped nation one not tornado Oklahoma and Sandy hurricane with but World the over all nations helping dollars of billions spend We
smart! be - fail to us want and us hate who countries of instead States United the rebuilding start to have we but McCain John like I
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE rebels- the with visiting Syria in McCain John Senator is Why
Thanks! @Travianno
now! right warming global want we that "scientists" so-called the tell - Day Memorial on York New in snowing and cold) (really 46º It's
bet! my take to unwilling and finish-gutless couldn't he that something started this until heard never I who Zuker Danny dummy See
AGAIN! GREAT AMERICA MAKE collapsing is infrastructure Nation's
warming"?? "global is hell the where outside freezing It's
boss). M.F. with (check Danny bet the time-take every ass your kick I'll me beating to close come can't you day best your on @DannyZuker
Thanks! @allidoisowen
know! you as - Paulson and Kravis Icahn Buffett like just - bankrupt went never I @bvogel56
baaaaack"! be "I'll but - now work to go to got folks Sorry
time! killing Just @RustinNiles
shit" "chicken not you're that Family) Modern on bosses your (&amp; family and friends your show bet the take @DannyZuker on Come
charity! his or himself for $'s of millions win could he do) people many too not (which and.won me against competed @DannyZuker If
bet! the make Danny on Come @DannyZuker. than sharper and smarter lot a was but buffoon a was Chicago in beat just I lawyer The
wager the make to afraid night.He's last kicked ass his got who shows failed of string long a with guy ineffective and weak a is @DannyZuker
person! bad very a with dealing was I you Thank @TheRealKurse
trouble. in is Country Thanks @pusspuss09
deal. the for go will you if quickly around things turn can you but game this at badly beaten being are you saying is everyone @DannyZuker
now. right on is It losers! and haters the CNBC-especially on Apprentice Celebrity of rerun Finale the watching is everyone Hope
it! do can you Danny on Come game. the play to guts the have don't you because crazy you making it's @DannyZuker No
are! you asshole total a what see can people so this by followers twitter of lot a up pick you hope I @dannyzuker
deal? the make to afraid - kicked ass your getting are you fun having not you're Danny @AndyRichter @DannyZuker
(deal)! game the play to guts the have you if charity to go can money of lots opposite the just @DannyZuker No
you! for $$$$$$'s big no - Family Modern of "boss" real the even not are you @dannyzuker Remember
deals). at good really I'm careful (be DEAL the of afraid u are Danny on Come @DannyZuker
you! aren't stupid are really you dummy bigger means Bigger @DannyZuker
racist? a you are Danny you by remark racist Another @DannyZuker
Fam Mod of nights biggest the than "bigger" far were Apprentice The of nights biggest the but @DannyZuker this hear to like don't you know I
construction! under currrently Monster Blue new the with courses golf great Five @ericleebow
best! the be will Country the in it like nothing be will there - Miami in Doral National Trump of renderings final got Just
deal? the for ready you are @DannyZuker
Wrong! @gingram66
deal? the for ready you are @DannyZucker
@DannyZucker. like people dumb And @LukewSavage
him! for deal great a have I mind-but insecure of out pouring started tweets endless and dumb very his until @DannyZucker of heard never I
flops! many T-so with obsessed business-he's the in guys dumbest truly the of one is @DannyZucker thay pro television a by told just was I
brave! so be longer no will they - tweeting when identification or name real their use losers and haters all that mandatory be should It
suck! Country this in laws libel the because damages get didn't but case my proved totally Wrong @julesmattsson
thanks. do I @TheJuice59101
be. should You name? real your give to Afraid you. protect will government the worry don't wage minimum than less making you Are @ForQ2
job. a get go nuts You're @ForQ2
dopey. wrong Totally @HatchetWounds
Jimmy. Thanks @JimmyDeVito
morons! you bankrupt go didn't he smart-but fund-very hedge his of unit a for protection bankruptcy sought just Paulson John investor Great
haters! Paulson-for John week this and Kravis Icahn B advantage-Warren their to laws bankruptcy the used have people business biggest The
Comcast of Founder Roberts J. Ralph - trust." and like they people those with business do "People
http://t.co/PFFu09TqJu being'" human 'horrible him suing woman calls trial at wins "Trump @Suntimes: Via
well. money the spend foundation your may show the on you having great was it Gary Thanks @THEGaryBusey @BuseyFoundation
risk. the worth be will returns the whether Evaluate take. can you risk much how know planning your In
Champion a Like Think - started." got I before sunk been have I'd everything knew I thinking business in started I'd "If
birthday. my and day Flag DC. in 14th June on Dinner Gala Patriot @FFCoalition @ralphreed's at honor of guest being to forward Looking
http://t.co/EQ9L0PLM2Y dirt” like women treats who twit a is Weiner “Anthony @EmilyMiller: by article read Must
all. them bless God freedom. our for sacrifice ultimate the made who finest nation's our honor to time a is Day Memorial
reports? news through learned just Obama But http://t.co/ZPg14zTjv5 September in once 2012 in 3x lawyer IRS with met counsel WH
Thanks. @TishaLewis
Thanks. @resplatt123
restaurants food bad his about cares only who Carter Graydon fire to enough smart is @CondeNastCorp Townsend Chuck not or whether see Let's
her. beating woman--loved conniving and vicious a is ago years many case Chicago the filed who Goldberg Mrs.
ploy. card age phony the through saw you of Most yesterday. victory lawsuit Chicago my on response positive the of all for you Thank
woman. bad great--a sounds That @Triggerracing
think) (I you! Thank @RossWeidner
True! @BenBradleyABC7
decimated. being are they True @leeboggs @SusieBeatrice1
off. you rip &amp; you scam to people allow can't you Yes @richardroeper
off. me ripping to addition In @ArkieLad
Thanks. @paul1994loan
tubes. the down going is Fair Vanity why understand will you &amp; this Read @VanityFair
evening. great a David--what job great Thanks--and @dietztrott
people. lost and sad are they Joannah Thanks @jgy777ph
loser! total a is he lawyer her use anyone that recommend never would I beings. human terrible two these beating loved I
damages big me pay should lawyer pathetic her she.and ago years many Filed co. my against case up made the hearing after unanimous was Jury
lawyer. blowhard a and facts up made with off me rip to trying was who investor skilled and vicious a was "lady" old year 87 called so The
energizing. and innovative something to day every open door your Keep information. new and ideas new to open remain to important It's
http://t.co/MO4QxGV07X market- the on residences exclusive most Avenue's Park Trump of one into peek sneak a Take
great. were people Michigan--the in speech my on comments &amp; reviews great the of all appreciate much very I
time. great a had I Thanks @Kenkelly08Kelly
fun. have and attention Pay @RealSonnyNewman
Birthday! Happy @Pourquoipas20
True @SunnyJL52
more) (and population bird the killing and costs energy up driving are which turbines wind obsolete over revolt virtual a having is Scotland
life! and property your destroy windfarms the let don't figthing Keep @MarkEaston777
lowlife! a him-he's know I because That's @DJLoopsFruit
dummies! are They @tubby511
wife! his ask just loser major a is Carter Graydon Sorry @markwonderful
time. small strictly is he dummy close even Not @RassilonsArmy
Mike. true So @mikepassmore
Meir Golda - life." your all with live to happy be will you that self of kind the Create yourself. "Trust
Dawn. Hello @DawnieDeee
ZERO. is rate cure perversion-the his from away get to able be never will Wiener Anthony Pervert
@CondeNastCorp restaurants. food bad his to does he as attention much as paid Carter Graydon if back come could .@VanityFair
tanking. circulation immediately- Carter Graydon fire would he @CondeNastCorp running still were Newhouse Si great the If
history"http://t.co/GSzXcz2hqz Party's Republican County Oakland in crowd largest drawing Novi in speaks Trump "Donald @advisorsource: Via
http://t.co/Bqf91zaEgh crowd" record-breaking draws Novi(Michigan) in speaks Trump "Donald @TheOaklandPress Via
Big Think - strong" you make to challenges monumental and events adverse "Use
reporting. and commentary political revolutionized has @ChrisRuddyNMX country. the in outlets media top the of one is @Newsmax__Media .
deliberatuon. further for back them sent just penalty-judge death the with time hard a having is jury Arias Jodi
out. come will things other of Lots 0. is problem his for rate cure The run. to going is @AnthonyWeiner Amazingly
@CondeNastCorp it! believe doesn't he even renewal--- contract his on Townsend Chuck of stupidity the at laughing is Carter Graydon
contract...... Carter's Graydon renew would @VanityFair believe can't I
@CondeNastCorp restaurants. food bad his are about thinks he all and down way is Circulation ......
it! loved I enthusiasm- tremendous and attendance Record fantastic. was Michigan in night last Dinner Day Lincoln The
Tanja Thanks @EMTgoneNUTZ
far. so million charity--$13 for news Great @ApprenticeNBC. next the for casting Already starts. another and ends season One
IRS. Obama’s by targeted were donors Republican that sad Very
news?! the in it saw he until scandals IRS the about knew” “never Obama that amazing it Isn’t
http://t.co/bNWKXqP4Zk emails Benghazi about lying for pinocchios three given WH Obama - Shock
soon. you see Amy Hi @JillToma
true. Van--so Thanks @DannyZuker @Van_in_DC
later. you See @christinefox02
great--thanks! were Dennis--you @ApprenticeNBC @dennisrodman
job. great a doing Oklahoma in is Cross Red the Now @ApprenticeNBC. on night last Cross Red American for big won @TraceAdkins timing: Good
well! everyone wish I tonight. @piersmorgan doing be not will I tragedy tornado the of Because
http://t.co/y5Cz946Ovb 2000.” over record sales time “All Michigan in dinner Day Lincoln @ocrp night's tomorrow at speak to Excited
Thanks. @LilJon @Nic_Keller
you. Thank @LilJon @CassandraJ0y
disaster. a is It http://t.co/7l2utHI3JC implement to impossible is wreck train the because ObamaCare of out get may We
legacy. @AndrewBreitbart’s showcasing documentary Great @HatingBreitbart. see go should Everyone
http://t.co/diGHsEk1Lo victory- night's last after @ApprenticeNBC of winner the .@TraceAdkins-
Dave. Thanks @dave_twit29
Thanks. @cous13
Thanks. @Y0landaRiggins
you. thank Denise nice Very @denicarter
luck! good graduation--and your on Ben--Congratulations Ok. @divermam @Holly_Looya
you. of proud very be would mother your &amp; guy great a you're honor my was It @AmDiabetesAssn @LilJon
@ApprenticeNBC! of season great another for fans loyal our thank I &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump .@MELANIATRUMP
Thanks! @Itsyknowsbest
hotel. the enjoy Great @beverly_buck
(hopefully)! ends never It A.M. 7 at Friends &amp; Fox doing be Will
that! of proud Apprentice-all Celebrity on causes great such for raised is money much so else everything to addition in that love I
charity. for million $13 over beginning From winners! all are they cast entire the to Congrats fun. much so was show live night's Last
zilch! nothing up put Obama @InaMaziarcz
9. at OPENING the watch must everybody - Finale Live the at tonight hard working be will Rivers Joan and Ivanka
bargain). (a million $5.5 - you are How @subirchowdhury
good! really looks season next for cast The
Yes. @RebaForever58
happen to going is different very and big very something and - fantastic be will tonight show live the - Apprentice The of set the left Just
Care? Obama of cost and implementation poor very the and scandals three the by hurt be Country the will badly How
Lee! Thanks @leebandoni
detail. in revealed be soon will it and - more much dopey knows anybody than more Much @Lord_Sugar
everyone! almost beat would I that On @ToddFouche1
mind! weak your in Only @GregE_IoM.
disagree! haters the only Thanks @workplayeat
money! me makes he don't I @CraigHeff
me! for works he know I billionaire-and a being near nowhere is Sugar
Thanks. @sarahluvnyc
lazy! very success-and of understanding less even and imagination with.little losers as haters of think just easy It's @Subhana_Anwar
TUMOR! FIRED YOU'RE - son friends your Tell @carlyvowell
terrific! is she aunt your Tell @JedediahBila
it! wasn't amazing Rather @omegaphoenix068
late! too bad them-too got never they wish tattoos terrible the with guys those of all bet game-I'd Knicks watching I'm
wet. uncomfortable-&amp; very looked Marines two The sense! common - yesterday raining started it when inside go just Obama President didn't Why
http://t.co/QRwQCrvMxR #CelebApprentice two? final the of like you do Who
Apprentice. Celebrity All-Star ever first the be will who see and Watch 9/8C. at Sunday this is @ApprenticeNBC of FINALE LIVE The
http://t.co/T1oJQf32ZJ laws" federal despite birds eagles kill to farms wind allows administration Obama IMPACT: "AP friendly? Enviro
finish! the to fight @TraceAdkins &amp; @pennjillette watch to sure Be nasty. &amp; tough be will @ApprenticeNBC of FINALE LIVE Sunday’s This
#CelebApprentice http://t.co/J5GdEBMr5n @LilJon! love People
it. stop to failed have They military. our weakened greatly generals to according has rampant so is that abuse sexual The
abusers. the become have stoppers the fact failed—in totally have military the in abuse sexual stop to efforts in—all Just
@jonathanchait. hack illiterate no-talent the employ they that charitable &amp; nice very is it think I but garbage of piece a is .@NYMag
going! Great slot! time his in #1 consecutively show 1000th @hannityshow on @seanhannity friend my to Congratulations
nice. very Thanks @CCV77
season. next for begun already has City).Casting York New (from PM 9 at Sunday on LIVE be will Apprentice Celebrity
problem! big very a has military our words other In
them stop will that military the in guidelines or rules no are there course) of me (not in kicks poison the when men some with Unfortunately
DUMB oil! the kept there once but Iraq into gone have never should we that fact the including REASONS MANY FOR 2 Bush of fan a never was I
anymore! run to Country a have won't we or correct" "politically so being stop better Country run stupidly very Our
sec. national &amp; strength military on impact big have will this say They so!" you told "I saying now are leaders military and generals Many
control. under brought not is problem abuse sexual and rape scale large the if weakened severely be will Forces Armed the that says General
on? going is wife.What his after going violently with charged being after fired just was unit prevention abuse sexual a led who officer Army
hurt! greatly control.Forces undet brought quickly is military the in abuse sexual unless crisis a of warned has general Army top America's
fine. are sicko's the out weed to checks background but believer Amendment Second Big @LCBeaudoin
far! by - best the like I folks the are they But @blakemharris
stupid! soooo are you and - less Way @joeypiazza
do! always form to back revert will he and - needs City York New what just - all after mayor for running pervert a have will we like Looks
watching! be will I - also you see to Good @chrishansen
Andrew! Thanks @A_Beil
http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU attraction elite an views Ocean Pacific panoramic spectacular features course golf public .@TrumpGolfLA
it. for Go @DylMyr
Birthday! Happy @AnubisJudge
Reagan Ronald Pres. – help.” to here I'm and government the from I'm are: language English the in words terrifying most “The
http://t.co/dXOW15igEZ implementation finance to companies private force to trying is Sebelius Sec. HHS done. already is ObamaCare
http://t.co/ptRQcWiAFl Romano. Emilio president @Telemundo said Trump” Donald with business in be to great always “It’s
BIG Think - " timing. and energy about all is Momentum momentum. build to need you field any in success big a be "To
TV! SEE MUST matchup. historic a is @ApprenticeNBC of Finale LIVE Sunday’s This Star. Music Country v. Illusionist Legendary
luck! Good intact. momentum your and focus your keep hard work love you what Do @Billingsley29
helped! It @Corte74
around! many too Not @BrianSpurr
true! Very @tbott22
so! Perhaps @donna_1004
Thanks. @samflaherty_ @Janet_Carswell
Michael. Thanks @JeremyPage3011 @mcuban @MikeFromTN
it! about thinking wild going be must Mitt election. the after until scandals these delaying of job brilliant a did people his &amp; Obama
won. have not could Obama election the before happened scandals these If
True! @AP @commonguymd @Jared808
thanks. and True @sarah_bales1
Thanks! @Roddy_Brown
talent.Also-boring zero has Tollin Mike Filmmaker seen. ever have I documentaries inaccurate and made worst the of one is This @polotodd804
Andrew. Thanks @A_Beil
another? yet handle we Can D.C.? in be will scandal next the what wonder I
meltdown! political complete and major a to lead could disasters political three The
bad! - card" "age the plays &amp; story a up made She vicious. &amp; sophisticated is and 000 $500 me owes fighting I'm that Chicago in "lady" The
way! positive and long a come really has she - danger of face the in bravery great such shown has Jolie Angelina that respect totally I
Country! our for day sad a and terrible Really @AndyBarovick
Churchill Winston - enthusiasm." of loss without failure to failure from going of consists "Success
@AP... of wiretapping IRS this--Benghazi like time a thru going been we have Watergate since Not
Disraeli Benjamin -- power.” own our in is conduct our but control human beyond are “Circumstances
win! to battle competitors great two Watch @TraceAdkins. against @pennjillette puts @ApprenticeNBC of FINALE LIVE Sunday’s This
http://t.co/XCgycLQa3H facilities top &amp; course golf elite an w/ winner Award Diamond Star 5 A club. golf best NY's is .@TrumpNationalNY
it? need you when warming global is hell the Where freezing! it's - York New in 32º
died. people Our lied. Obama Benghazi.
job! Great @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice to friend great and talent true A Four. Final the to it made again once .@LilJon
Lisa. Congrats Four. Final the to it made she @StJude for $505K over Raising @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice on amazing did .@lisarinna
Touch Midas – have.” can people talents the at surprised be You’d title. job their by someone judge “Never
http://t.co/yJhBraP2Gn finale @pennjillette v. @TraceAdkins &amp; scandal death Benghazi the Party Tea targeting IRS on int. @foxandfriends My
best! the are you playing GREAT @TigerWoods
#1. fun Have @steveprecision1
TOMORROW. UPFRONTS NBC THE AT YOU SEE NBC. BY SEASON ANOTHER FOR RENEWED BEEN HAS APPRENTICE CELEBRITY THAT YOU INFORM TO PLEASED AM I
great! doing it's and Sam Thanks @leechsam
firings! early two - beginning from watch Must NBC. on PM 9 - tonight Apprentice Celebrity love will You
tonight! me at angry get Don't Finale. live weeks next to up leading 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity on early very fired people Two
Thanks! @RoySchuhmacher
Tiger! love I year. this Doral National Trump at Championship Cadillac WGC The won Tiger golf. great playing NBC on @TigerWoods Watching
Philip! great be would That @PhilipMorrow
dishonest! them-very use to choose don't but facts real the know they - Chris Thanks @chris_l54
true! and Thanks @QFiveFarms
lifeline. cheap a of need in and lost look you - why see can I picture your on Based @persvanstrom
strength! No shirts. T wearing stop immediately should therefore and soft very physically is who bully a is Cuban Mark @mikeluis93
happy) I'm so money of lots me pays show his (but Britain Great in stock laughing a is he - Donald.Trump to a.candle hold can't @Lord_Sugar
history. T.V. in hits biggest the of one Apprentice The of success the to compared joke total a is years the over Tank Shark of success The
do! they think but goods the have don't who people insulting love I But @african11
slot! its wins it seasons 13 after now Even #1. finishing times often hit television MAJOR a been has hand other the on Apprentice The
T. S show ratings modest a on many of one is he Now Benefactor. The television on failure massive a had who hitter ball short a is @mcuban
trouble! such in is Country our wonder no Thanks @DurantRandy @BrianLynch
place! top a it owned I When timing). great deal (great ago time long a it sold I years many for it run not have I @LennyDopkin
Patti. Thanks @Patti0713
dog! you Sugar begging money-keep me making he's least at arrested-but himself get can't Sugar @Lord @nieldi
enough! quick or enough smart not he's win can't S(?) Jon little man Your @MaxVayner
me! with debate a in hopeless be would he pussy a Is Stewart(?) Jon Little @caaataclysm
enough! smart or enough fast not - overrated totally He's me. with debate a in chance little a even have wouldn't (?) Stewart @MaxVayner
from). profit I (who copy bad very a know you as just is he - close even Not @GuerrillaTycoon
way! the all Mitch Senator with I'm - Judd endorsed never I @chef_riggy
built! ever courses greatest the of one be will Monster Blue The - construction massive under - Miami in Doral National Trump left Just
easy money-too make I Apprentice on goes dope this time Every him. mocking stop me have to reps my begged virtually Sugar @Lord Leightweight
Einstein Albert - longer.” problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not “It's
http://t.co/tdOdxZW6bE up gave totally They pit. Vattenfall bottomless the into money their pour to enough stupid be would investor No
grow. to planning &amp; maintenance takes anything like money yourself it doing you're or finances your managing someone have you Whether
thanks! nice Very @feksbaby
you! thank - correct 100% are You @PennyStocksBlog
head. your Use sentence! the of end the at mark question the at look - question a asking I'm Dummy
Watergate. in died one No Benghazi. than different much is Watergate right. is .@limbaugh
#FundAnything money!!! away giving and http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 at @Fund_Anything at picks my See
her. with be to lucky be would guy any ever than better terrific looks She dating. &amp; @MarthaStewart re: AM this @todayshow watched I
http://t.co/NCdMZRCvw1 (cont) military the in rape &amp; assault sexual on comment my about complaining been have who morons the of all For
Drucker Peter - said.” isn't what hearing is communication in thing important most “The
tree. a save can branch a off lopping but pleasant isn't It decision. business responsible and essential an be can firing Sadly
game.Thanks! the played have others many and Apollo Kravis Icahn Likewise bankruptcy. a in ensnared currently is corp. Buffett Warren A
Jon. panic Don't it! know writers priced high his of all and you and kicked ass his getting is Stewart(?) Jon Little @MenaceSocietyUT
show! bigger much much a been has Apprentice and Tank Shark on many of one is He anything. at me beat can't Cuban Mark @JeremyPage3011
death? or life be it will Now done! well job a on jury the to Congratulations work! didn't it - system the outsmarted she thought Jodi
happiness! and feelings good - it needed really who people many to given was money of lots - Tower Trump at today day great a had we Man
fault your not insecureit's or stupid so feel don't Please it! know all you -and highest the of one is I.Q. my but haters and losers Sorry
situations? combat intensity high into women put to push the about think you do What
Champion a Like Think beginning.”– new a for you prepares it but discipline some require may It burden. a as learning of think “Never
team. #FundAnything the of Proud me! from it Take . http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD to go money- away giving I'm
lives. costing are Engagement of Rules The daily. almost Afghanistan in finest nation’s our lose to continue We
http://t.co/054Ext5c1A communications command Africa North for satellite made Chinese a using a is military Our Scary.
#FundAnything picks! my see to http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 at @Fund_Anything Visit
http://t.co/X9D0Somj3J http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD site crowdfunding the of launch the &amp; record great Kelly’s Chief NYPD discussing .@myfoxny
#FundAnything http://t.co/uguSSXyTO2 crowdfunding" into gets Trump "Donald @CNNMoney: Via
appreciative! and happy very were it...they needed who people to Tower Trump at away money of lots gave just I
packed! and happy was place The http://t.co/tSLfuNNAPI. for Tower Tump of atrium the in had just we time great a What
#GiveBack #Entrepreneurs #FundAnything people. helping I'm how see to http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD to Go money. away gave I
#FundAnything away! money giving I'm Tower. Trump at you See time! go It's
Thanks. @abaldwin31
today. AM 11 at Tower Trump at Be people. helping like I else anything than more but this assume not do People
bankrupt! went Buffett Warren that mean doesn't that but - bankrupt went involved is Buffett Warren which in company a Capital Residential
behind! left be or there Be Tower. Trump 11AM money! away giving I'm
enough!). obnoxious (only enough smart or enough fast not he's - contest no be would it - debate a in Stewart(?) Jon kill absolutely would I
nothing! be would he which without writers priced high of lot's behind hiding man little very a is Stewart(?) Jon And @SportsWalnuts
dope! pushy a obnoxious and loud just smart or funny nothing - madman a like screaming and down and up jumping Stewart(?) Jon watched Just
agree! I cool That's @valentino_jimmy
Sonny! Thanks @RealSonnyNewman
Chris! Thanks @ChrisHarmsWI
Summer! this money of lots spending be will better-I get only will and best the of one is it Bob Thanks @BobKurlander
me). (not do to want didn't they something do to forced were Generals crazy-the people certain driving and debate stimulating love I Wow
be! would that justice of miscarriage a what free-wow set be could Arias Jodi that possible slightly even it Is
defense the for good be could deliberation long a such but know never You out. still not or it believe is trial Arias Jodi the in jury The
C! politically be to wanted who politicians dumb very by it do to forced were but mixer a wanted never brass military top and Generals The
together? women &amp; men put they when expect geniuses these did What convictions. 238 military-only the in assults sexual unreported 26000
Lee Bruce -- them.” admit to courage the has one if forgivable always are “Mistakes
atrium. Tower Trump in AM 11 at tomorrow me join Everyone
http://t.co/2XtuxKvBrC hiring from businesses stopping is it how &amp; ObamaCare with difficulties business discussing int. @gretawire My
closely. watching am I underway project massive a such With schedule. on are renovations @DoralResort’s Trump
http://t.co/EkafnPnUrS @ApprenticeNBC on @TheRealMarilu firing &amp; mess ObamaCare the up cover Benghazi on int. @foxandfriends My
atrium. Tower Trump at AM 11 Wednesday do I what See suppressed. being is Entrepreneurship broken. is economy The
Tower Trump at AM 11 Wednesday people. help to going I'm economy? the by bullied being of Tired
this! see to want will You free. morning Wednesday Keep
report). to want not do (many reported is that number the just is that year-and last military in reported rapes or assaults sexual 26000
secret! dark big about-the anything do or about talk to wants nobody that problem Massive a is Forces Armed the in rape and assault Sexual
be. to used it what not is Country our that seems just It assault! sexual for arrested unit assault anti-sexual Force's Air of Head
jock. @SHAQ's carry can't #CelebApprentice during well very know to got I who .@JoseCanseco
Hilton Conrad - quit." don't they but mistakes make They moving. keep people Successful action. w/ connected be to seems "Success
doing. own its through fold may Program http://t.co/WHnh8sSZtz @MaxBaucus with along ObamaCare about “concerned” also is @RonWyden Now
up. cover massive a was Benghazi
http://t.co/HLOU7wFoLN Novi" in Showplace The at Dinner Day Lincoln at speak to Trump "Donald @Hometownlife: Via
tough. and sharp she’s men out Watch @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity Star All in standing lady last the is .@lisarinna
East. Middle the in course top the be will course golf The Dubai. into interests our expanding be to honored is Organization Trump The
her. loved viewers @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity Star All The person. great a is and impressive very was .@TheRealMarilu
episode! great really a - 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity Enjoy
@BillyGraham --Rev. better." something with it replacing without life your from something away takes never "God
JFK opportunity." represents other the and danger represents One characters. two of composed is 'crisis' word the Chinese in written When
DC Washington in Dinner Gala Award Patriot's @FaithandFreedom @ralphreed's at honor of guest the being to forward Looking
that! do to enough smart not are they guy...but top its be to Media American of Pecker David name should magazine Time
overrated. highly is @TheDailyShow Stewart Jon before times many said I’ve As
it. from run past—not his cherish should –he phony total a is @TheDailyShow Stewart Jon
heritage! his of proud be should He Leibowitz? Jonathan from name his change he did why legit &amp; all it above so is Stewart Jon If
twitter. on moron some from it stole he Leibowitz-- Jon by coined not was it -- Clownstick” Von “F**kface name the about funny What’s
it... doing is else one no like &amp; original so are they like Clownstick” Von “F**kface name the tweeting keep losers &amp; haters the how Amazing
Deal the of Art The winning” of afraid decisions making of afraid success of afraid are people most because small think people “Most
losers. the from winners the separate will task @ApprenticeNBC's Celebrity All-Star Sunday's This time. crunch It's
int. low false &amp; hell to going is dollar the because ago years of couple a investor market stock big a became I stupid you Unlike @roysj
Big Think – you.” screw who people with even get to need you business in are you When even. get “Always
Billionaire a Like Think – assume.” should you risk much how That’s lose? to stand you can money much “How
stuff! good really - Melania watch to now QVC to Turn
Americans? innocent protecting than rights terrorist granting with concerned more some are Why
overseas. jobs sending and sector manufacturing our killing is This $500B. over be to pace on still is deficit trade Our
wasted! money our of $100B http://t.co/qIHVtjEHiz 910000 over by off little a is sales car electric million 1 of goal Obama’s
http://t.co/kJkxpr8sZ3 acres 1000 across club beach &amp; resort golf class world a residences luxury spreads Rico Puerto Int'l Trump
buy! buy buy and hello say EST PM 5 at @QVC on today @MELANIATRUMP Call
in! Day—call Mother’s for Perfect price. low very a at jewelry beautiful really selling PM 5 @ today @QVC on be will Melania wife My
True! @nikkio
Thanks. @ApprenticeNBC @marie_marshallx
smart! think &amp; hard really Work @miamarrazza
point! Good @THEGaryBusey @TrumpTowerNY @adb1707
early. so warning Miranda the bomber the read to mistake a was it that clear now it's suspects in widening cell terrorist Boston With
see. to Sad worse. even are Chris’ shame a It’s ratings. increase to @msnbc on @edshow replaced @chrislhayes .
hurts! really it when is now fired Getting contestants. final five the to down is @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star
DEAL! A MAKE listening you're if Jodi
others) &amp; OJ at look know never you (but off her let to enough dumb be could jury no - deal a make not should Govt. the but try should Jodi
gets it as guilty as is she sadly but guilty is she that saying be to hate really I so twitter on me follows she that stated has Arias Jodi
great! is Jordan - @salefisher
stalker? creepy me follow you do Why @hdiallo
hurry). don't (and back be you'll others with bored get you When @JohnQuinsay
smart! really is who someone right...and that's Stephen @AxlRose1996
joke! a list their see you did - idea Great @PatrickMendezNV
Newsweek! like coming-just is end sad The lot! parking a at handout free a like flimsy really Magazine-looks Time at look a took Just
compliment! the for thanks but knew never I @Drake4444444
case this settle not should City interviewed? prosecutors and detectives police the weren't Why documentary. sided one totally A @Neviah_M
records? criminal their about What Park? the in night that mugg they did people many how and confessions sign all they did Why @CraigSJ
Ruth Babe – back.” you hold out striking of fear the let “Don’t
http://t.co/mz8RMP9ylC p.m. 10-11 from Hour Second its for NBC &amp; CBS ABC among 1 Number is Apprentice' 'Celebrity @TVbytheNumbers: Via
http://t.co/HgkSlTwtV5 Show" Matthews Chris "The terminates NBC
countries. OPEC the protect we and produce to Cheap $25. be should it Ideally barrel. a $40 than more cost not should Oil
services. care inferior and premiums their in increases record see will Americans disaster. a is ObamaCare
independent. energy us making by security national our increases it fact In http://t.co/bXsJ6MKZGH risks health ZERO poses Fracking
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/6i9uPERzYI Cards?" the in 2016 Is — Speech GOP Making "Trump
fast! Frack and now Frack answer. the is Fracking unemployment. record with suffering is York New Upstate
http://t.co/Bc2KBQcfkZ Virginia" rural in estate Kluge former on course golf 18-hole building at look "Trumps @washingtonpost: on @AP Via
http://t.co/PCTS0EST7J turbines- wind re: Scotsman The in story See
http://t.co/PVMNLLVNrG Journal- and Press See turbines. wind industrial ugly the fight to starting really are Scotland of people The
NY...... in list 100" "power the on #1 me voted @NewYorkObserver the readers its of poll major a in that out found just I Wow
cool. still it's but disagree I .......
fast! thinking start better specialists warming Global Country. of mid-section over all weather freezing and Snow
buy). don't which (without financing term long in lock to sure be house-but a buy to time great a is this so cheap really is Money
higher) much going be will they (but buy to ago years two everyone told I -remember cent per 9.3 Feb last over Feb in up are prices Housing
dummy! sarcasm @naunie_b
all! by respected is who competitor great a and guy great a is @LilJon @Stiles_Dub
competitor. great a is He @ApprenticeNBC. Star All Celebrity on level high very a at competed has @LilJon again Once
ethic. work a have to need Americans better. do must We http://t.co/oGbefmgzww stamps food on is households 1/5
http://t.co/54Rg4NmNCx @TheGaryBusey! love people @TheGaryBusey- with @TrumpTowerNY at conference news left Just
weekend. the over marriage his on Jordan Michael to Congratulations
ratings)! no @oreillyfactor(with wing left man's poor the is .@Lawrence
Thanks! @Colvio117
loser! Night @DannyZuker
all. them won I've Dopey @JonNeumeister
job. day my not it's event any fair-in were process the if Apprentice The for Emmys many have should I @ShawnGarrett
sad! them-very around everything destroy Windfarms @realDonaldTrump
birthday! Happy @mtshastacola
taste! Great @IvanGH
better. is size small-Samsung too is screen Wrong @OMGguy18
sucks! Family Modern agree I @VincentYanni
you! Thank @FakeBriWilliams
disaster! ratings and critical a is show it-his know doesn't just who guy dumb very a is @Lawrence @DanielRobinsMD.
http://t.co/Yo6s4Az5Fq words! famous two those saying - @ApprenticeNBC of episode recent a from Photo
run? being Country our is stupidly how Government- U.S. the from CASH IN dollars of millions of tens received has Karzai Leader Afghan
Great! world. the around story bigger much a became it are- turbines wind damaging how about ad local my canceling officials Scotland By
http://t.co/LXhgt9Q0lK @ApprenticeNBC- week's this from @Joan_Rivers and @IvankaTrump with photo Great
Thanks! @SiegristA
Thanks! @ApprenticeNBC @DannyZuker @harry_vickers
dreaming! Keep @richardroeper
it. deserves and hard worked He . Disease Kawasaki Children's charity his for $20000 of check a @THEGaryBusey sent just I
lie! not Do 10. at demos major all in #1 was @ApprenticeNBC lie Don't .@DannyZuker
it! about talk Let's had. you said I that failures the of all disputing not are you notice I @DannyZuker" wonder hit "One
camera! the of front in be never you'll picture your at looked just camera- the behind and camera the of front in I'm .@DannyZuker
sucks! taste Your over! was it on went you once showbiz in replacements worst the of one Perhaps ?.@richardroeper-
Trump! loves News 11PM 9-10. from in lead own our as serve to having despite demos key all in 10PM at #1 still 13 Season .@ApprenticeNBC
watching..... million 41.5 and viewers million 28 had @apprenticenbc of 1 season @DannyZuker" show "Failed
demos.@DannyZuker key all in 10PM win still I when later years 10 about talk to want only you but ....
failures. with "stacked" is filmography your hear I .@DannyZuker
it! about questions no have I credits your reading loser-after a are you told was and you of heard never have I @DannyZuker” show “Failed
http://t.co/52sz6WwhUz that... is problem only The dinner. Correspondents’ House White the at comedian the be should @TomBrokaw year Next
http://t.co/8jD8GuFluU attend(even... didn’t I because that’s guess I year- this boring so was dinner Correspondents' House White The
http://t.co/Hr29Kd2fCk screen... the of size the increase immediately must Cook Tim Jobs. Steve miss I and stock--- @Apple of lot a have I
ratings. the in hour 10PM the during demos all in place first in was @ApprenticeNBC out- Just
night. last Apprentice loved you Hope A.M. 7.00 at Friends and Fox Doing
#CelebApprentice decision? my with agree you Did
#CelebApprentice #MechanicalDog tonight. trending be to going is dog Mechanical
#CelebApprentice boardroom. Great
#CelebApprentice decision? client's the with agree you Do
#CelebApprentice it. use to wants he when talent definite a got He’s barking. vs. words... to stick should @THEGaryBusey Maybe
#CelebApprentice @TheRealMarilu! memory Great
#CelebApprentice presentation? best the had think you do team which time- Boardroom
idea? dog mechanical @THEGaryBusey's of think you did What
#CelebApprentice out. find Let’s Spielberg? Power+@LilJon= Team
#CelebApprentice chaos. total of state a into descended has B right—Plan is .@IvankaTrump
#CelebApprentice agree. all We agree. I gem. a is @Joan_Rivers says .@TraceAdkins
#CelebApprentice so? think you Do team. his by abandoned been he’s feels .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice go. let won’t and on latched has @THEGaryBusey dog. mechanical the with stuck is B Plan like Looks
#CelebApprentice fun. more is time Couch instructions. need doesn’t .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice so. hoping is @lisarinna know I PM? as up” “step to able be will @THEGaryBusey think you Do
#CelebApprentice advisors. my as team terrific a make @IvankaTrump &amp; She @Joan_Rivers. Here’s
#CelebApprentice job. great a done He’s Power. Team of member remaining last the is @LilJon Six—and Final the have We
Thanks. 9?. @WIBWAriana
Thanks. @Core15
NBC. on 9 fantastic. is she - Apprentice Celebrity on tonight way big a in back comes Rivers @Joan
nothing! she's - girlfriend current your than better much do can you - smart really is who guy looking great a are You @DBradleyRI
Stadium) (Yankee NBC of behalf on me thanked and me to up came @tombrokow T.V. on show one number the became Apprentice the when remember I
TOM BORING honor?" of guest your as Trump Donald have to have you eveving successful a have to think we do "why asks @tombrokaw mouth Marble
price. low a at quality high really of because great do They Macy's. at suits and ties shirts my for support tremendous the for Thanks
buy to time great a is it people tell now I buy. to not people told and bubble housing the predicted I me Not @PeaceLibLady @Anon_Farmer
list! Bad dead. be Newsweeksoon like will that magazine a of stunt and joke a is People Influential Most 100 the of list Magazine Time The
cool! Very @dogs4peace
more? and confessions signed records Police @masotam
convinced? police Aren't confess? all they did Why them? robbing and people of out crap the beating around go they didn't apology What
future! family-amazing great a with guy great a are Dan-You @DanScavino
(FOX). it! gets really who person Terrific a is Greta P.M. 10 at tonight Susteren Van Greta With Record the On doing be @gretawire-I'll
True! @DaveCentrist @JimDaniell30809
it. loves everyone Thanks @Katietennis1223
Scotland! for success won--big I garbage--and of piece one-sided A @LetsBeckRush
Wow! @piano807
Thanks. @HRdiva_NY
true! Very @AndreasBoos
decisions. bad really some made he but him hate don't I @loverofthecross
easy! be would it and done be can Much @Mbathani_Inc
guts. no have they No @alan_ashe
True! @Nautilus916
Champion a Like Think – protecting.” worth are assets that Remember asset. an is work your and yourself to true “Being
informed. well being not for exists reason acceptable No fail. to way surest the it’s inexcusable; is Ignorance
hours. 2 @NBC--full on PM 9 at Sunday @Joan_Rivers. of return the features @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star Sunday’s This
Morgan P. J. - happen.” do they - enough strangely - happen to things expect you “When
success. expect &amp; resourceful Be new. something into elements pre-existing together putting simply is ‘innovative’ being times Often
@ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity All-Star on Sunday this Room Board the in off face @THEGaryBusey &amp; fireworks…@Joan_Rivers for ready Get
appointee! prize his was Roberts ruling? ObamaCare Robert’s Jon Justice Court Supreme featuring wing a have library Bush’s Does
oil. the all taking is China waste. a was war The http://t.co/oKSSMU20i6 chaos utter into deteriorating is Iraq predicted I as Just
shortly. citizenship granted be will she sure am I radical. a also is mother thugs’ terrorist Boston The
http://t.co/SrgbB058I8 13th June on Conference' Majority to 'Road @FaithandFreedom @ralphreed’s addressing to forward Looking
doing. you’re what about can you everything learn you when reduced be can risk but risk involves business All business. of area your Study
@ApprenticeNBC. All-Star Celebrity Sunday’s this on out Find co-exist? to continue @THEGaryBusey and @lisarinna @pennjillette Can
tempo. the conductor--set a being like It’s confidence. instill to have you responsibility take to have you charge in be To
suicidal? @GOP &amp; @RNC the Are http://t.co/M5yCKpoMB2 Democrats” for bonanza be could reform “Immigration ARTICLE: READ MUST
http://t.co/yr0vShKnqZ monstrosity the from themselves exempting now are ObamaCare passed who politicians do.The I as not say I as Do
http://t.co/VnKsRQoCGc it funding is Leadership Instead ObamaCare. defund to possible everything doing be should Republicans House
spades. did--in certainly I @frankibe
true. So @afolasoji
thanks! will I @DbagsLoveMe
Bushes! more No term. 3rd a have to Obama need we as much as about office in Bush another need We
wasted. was money Your http://t.co/Hfu3CD5oBV failures energy’ ‘green on away pissed it billions the defend to continues .@whitehouse
http://t.co/JJnSRYhU9w carriers aircraft more build to plans announced has China military our down cutting is Obama While Dangerous.
Obama. them gave He not? Why him. loves media the now years 12 for down Bush W tearing After
blocked. him have children your sure Parentsmake “tool.” a as twitter use to promised has @anthonyweiner sexter Serial Alert! Pervert
Mayor. pervert a needs NYC what just is there—this out be may pictures more many says Weiner
http://t.co/W4XbbVFbWe Approval” Early Gets Project Office Post Old $200M “Trump’s @Law360: Via
http://t.co/ZkfPql2llZ 2004. From me? liked really Stewart Jon time a upon once believe- you Do #TBT
dope! you bankrupt went never I @mschrock4
Obama? Maybe @Abtheproducer
time! of waste a such losers—they’re &amp; haters the of rid get to love I’d but followers 2200000 at I’m Wow
http://t.co/uF8YOD2Sow hairstyle! same see @EricTrump- with Tournament Tennis Open US the At #TBT
that--thanks. know don't losers the but True @Ashley33331
true! is That @Debonairo
No! @DonaldJTrumpJr @HowardSternJohn
too. that know losers &amp; haters Thanks--the @kristinaoakes @frankshow @thebageldogs
#KathyBoudin Terrible! ridiculous? just this Isn’t story? this with wrong is ...What
School... Law NYU from laurel academic an received also Boudin University. Columbia at professorship adjunct an holds now ..and
guard... Brinks a &amp; cops 2 killed that robbery armored-car for prison in yrs 22 spent Boudin Kathy radical Underground Weather Former
Thanks. @GauravK725
Thanks. @DurantRandy
me! than taller say to forgot dopey-you counts all on Wrong @pokerswayne
stupid! so are You @TheSportsSwede
true. is That @daytradersfx
him. met have could I wish I Thanks nice! so Wow @TatorJuice
hard! Work @HayJayP26
Aberdeen. in windfarm hated the build to statement financial or finances the have doesn’t .@VattenfallGroup
it. destroy will windmills Aberdeen company. failing a It’s night. last demonstration at answers no had .@VattenfallGroup
@pressjournal @AlexSalmond hazard! landfill—fire unregulated on dangerous very is Blackdog in sub-station The
@pressjournal @AlexSalmond sub-station. of placement w/ Blackdog of village the for safety &amp; health the over concerned is Council The
@pressjournal @AlexSalmond Blackdog. in demonstration the of exuberance the by shocked was Council The
@pressjournal @AlexSalmond windmills. ugly the about night last Council the to protested Scotland in Blackdog of village entire The
thanks! and True @Chadillac107
Jobs Steve - through.” way the all carried be to has quality the aesthetic “The
left nothing have he’ll him suing is everybody predicted I w/Oprah—as interview did he when wish death had Armstrong Lance believe I
Tower! Trump See @Tokodi1
ask! all true--they That's @DPMurphy93
newscasts. worldwide on now is ad the bomber” “Lockerbie the on thinking faulty @AlexSalmond’s &amp; windmills ugly on ad my rejecting By
Sad. http://t.co/lXPVsOpadu cable on #19 is @msnbc ratings? &amp; viewers on centers TV of business the that know @msnbc at executives Do
http://t.co/NonKlNH5PE career TV surprising my &amp; @ApprenticeNBC @KhloeKardashian on interview @showbiztonight My
her! cross Don't @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity All-Star week’s this in judge a as Boardroom the to returns @Joan_Rivers Champion out. Watch
welfare? on while Jihad planning is country our in non-citizen resident permanent Chechnyan a how me to explain someone Can
wreck.’ train ‘huge a it’s says now Baucus ObamaCare of proponent major A retirement. his announced has @MaxBaucus Sen.
dental? include this Does immediately. of care taken be bills medical that demands He ObamaCare. for today applying killer Boston The
mine. it’s but perfect be not may hair My “wig.” a wear not do I acknowledge to refuse losers &amp; haters the but knows everybody As
overrated. totally is way the by Who @TheDailyShow. Stewart Jon mean I - Leibowitz Jonathan than smarter much I'm that you promise I
built. ever course golf greatest the saying are many &amp; see to cool packed—really &amp; open is Aberdeen in course golf Scotland The @PhilStephen
now! defense long year 14 the see can up-I set were and innocent totally are boys her says suspects) (not killers Boston the of mother The
int? that did he when thinking he was What so! you told back-I money their want Government-they Federal the by sued got just Armstrong Lance
crazy! facts-it's the stating just are you when even press free have not does Scotland
process! building and manufacturing during pollution Big @ruralbeeffarmer
Great! @RamboFo
guys? Park-nice the in people other attacking viciously were They @RebeccaErin_
do! to follow-nothing lowlifes these do tweets-why my to responding losers and haters of number amazing an also but people great many have I
Thanks! @DoroMundo
park in while men young these of crimes the.horrific explain didn't that garbage of piece sided one a was documentary Five Park Central The
doing? were boys "innocent" these what see you did penalty-but death given been have not would they so died never Victim @bitchforshort
it). at good seriously am (and though estate real love do I trouble! big really in is Country the but Perhaps @GerhardM_com
stupid! everything devalue They @GinaCHaley
turbines! wind killing bird ugly like @penguin_rob
ours! up clean to equipment the us sell they factories-but their up clean don't but footprint carbon and change climate of talk Chinese The
freezing! it's change-because climate to it changed deftly they work didn't name that when and warming global called be to used Wrong
kill. however-bird soup chicken of Lot's home. your of value the destroy and bills electric your quadruple will turbines Wind @HelmJoshua
them! make will Chinese the No @jon_fullerton
#CelebApprentice http://t.co/HxlPFrFWR9 boardroom. the in back @BretMichaels and Ross George veterans @ApprenticeNBC have to great was It
NC in lake biggest the fronts which course golf designed @SharkGregNorman features @Trump_Charlotte’s club exclusive most Carolina’s North
ads? mayoral his in clothed fully be @anthonyweiner Will
immediately! him BLOCK should girls underage all of Parents twitter. to returned has @anthonyweiner Pervert Sexting
answer! the not is legislation control gun why of example Another No. guns? their register terrorists Boston the Did
http://t.co/oxTRgqiTYU percent” 20.1 by “plummeted have sales newsstand its &amp; “dropped” has circulation @VanityFair’s dying The
accurate! highly is it world--and the across shown be will ad my worry don’t .@AlexSalmond
run! amazing An 25-54. adults of demographic key the win to continued @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star Sunday’s past This
ugly. truly is built he yacht the but – him w/out collapse stock Apple watching after especially Jobs Steve of fan a been always I’ve
warming? global is hell the York—where New in freezing It’s
Patton S. George Gen. - his.” for die bastard other the make to but country your for die to not is war of object “The
sit. they which in environment the destroy totally &amp; obsolete are they - anymore turbines wind building be won’t people years three In
Yes! @jamezypell
Churchill Winston - difference.” big a makes that thing little a is “Attitude
friendship. their not respect their want You you. beat they because it’s you liking up end enemies your If
http://t.co/TSgNYqisEx to: go Just Canada! to ships Macy's @borland_jim
capture. of minutes within care intensive to rushed was killer Boston the remember room emergency an in waiting are you time Next
it! loves China http://t.co/HCndC36H2Z Iran enemy our from oil buying illegally is China enemy Our
Rights? Miranda his terrorist Boston the read personally Obama Barack Will
Mark. Birthday Happy @MarkkCole
win. to playing and shifty is Gary @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity Star All of week another survives .@THEGaryBusey
get. to harder much be will legislation immigration Boston of light In
@Lawrence @hardball_chris http://t.co/69zp6NRmQN coverage bombing Boston their in gutter the in last dead was @msnbc hear to Sorry
wife! Great @ClutchBa11er @pjkorman
Great! @BelmontUniv @willowfrantn
great. looking while charity for money of lot a Raised @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity Star All on job great a did .@BrandenRoderick
http://t.co/7Z4JlS4Er5 Health?' to Back Him Bring to Care Obama for Eligible Killer Boston the 'Is Trump: @DRUDGE_REPORT: RT
tough! President—hang Mr. him to it give pardon—don’t Presidential a for asking be soon will killer Boston The
http://t.co/i9FiPowvpY Roderick Brande firing &amp; work great @FBI's penalty death deserves thug Boston the how on int. .@foxandfriends
bonanza. Trump Donald his just not song hit another have to have to going he’s that is @MacMiller little for problem big The
Mac! you song—screw Trump Donald his with platinum hit just &amp; YouTube on hits 79M over has .@MacMiller
you. Thank @TheNordicBroad
Scotland! or Angeles Los @jaypeemoney
http://t.co/REIlVbo99C place! amazing An Ocean. Pacific the on Club Golf National Trump out checking LA in weekend the Spent
school! in hard work Savannah @Leigh26Heather
lot! a by Me
minutes). 20 (in A.M. 7 at Friends and Fox doing be Will
silent! remain to right the have not should terrorists one foolish oh can we Yes @jbailey1987
mentions! for losers the of rest the and @GoAngelo Thanks thoughts! wildest my beyond @Macy's numbers big very doing are shirts and ties My
#CelebApprentice boardroom? the of think you did What
#CelebApprentice time! great A 2004. in host guest was I when Live Night Saturday on appeared also George
#CelebApprentice negotiator. tough a He’s together. deals estate real great some done have I and Ross George
"Buseyisms"! of book @THEGaryBusey's to forward Looking
#CelebApprentice prefer? you do what Adventure- or Romance
#CelebApprentice Apprentice. original the on advisors first my of one was Ross George newcomers you For
#CelebApprentice scared. be should shark The Really? @TheRealMarilu. says him” about twinkle real a has “George
#CelebApprentice teams. both to challenge a been has assignment This
#CelebApprentice @pennjillette. and @lisarinna of quotas patience the but imaginations the just not stretched has assignment This
#CelebApprentice task. romance the than task adventure the in better be would right—@THEGaryBusey be could Ross George
#CelebApprentice you? Are ideas. their about excited isn’t .@TraceAdkins
#CelebApprentice already… help on short is team Their BuseyLand? in he Is help. to attempt no making is .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice already? @pennjillette and @lisarinna are stressed How
back! is Michaels Brett and great is show Apprentice...tonight's the watching are you hope I
agrees! He be. should he where is this and champion great a He’s @bretmichaels! loves Everybody
#CelebApprentice them! see to Good advisors. as back are Ross George and .@bretmichaels
so. rightly that--&amp; about pleased very he’s tell can You Relief. Sandy for check $40000 a Cross Red Coast NJ the presents .@TraceAdkins
#CelebApprentice back. comes @THEGaryBusey when surprised are teams the like Seems
talk! may he suspect I well? him make to doctors our allowing to prior sometime killer Boston the boarding water of think you do What
lawyers." my to "speak say will he well is he Once better. him make doctors our before talk killer Boston the Make
it! love will 9pm...you at tonight Apprentice Celebrity watch to forget Don't
morning. Saturday on sharp totally was he if night Friday on arrested and drunk been have could Michaels Al how know don't I
shape! perfect in was He LA. National Trump at morning Saturday on me with golf played mine of friend a Michaels Al sportscaster Great
understand! to him for complicated too be will paperwork the Care Obama for applies killer Boston the If
bastards! dumb you TERRORISTS TO MERCY NO
worse! and legs arms their lost who victims his to next right room hospital a in to tended lovingly being killer Boston the imagine you Can
bill. 9 over into it built I and sisters) and brothers between (split money of amount small relatively a and knowledge me gave Bullshit-Pop
checkers? playing Park the in doing they were what me Tell @CoachClintSwan
happen! things crazy really Apprentice-some Celebrity on tonight B Gary Watch
show! hour two full a be will It 9. at NBC on tonight great is Apprentice Celebrity life of parts normal more and nicer the to back Getting
Great! @NextLevelStoner
killer! Boston the offend to not anything do will they limits-but no have Trump-they Donald offending always is media the right are You
sense common strong with IQ) high very a (with person compassionate very a I'm actually but harsh and tough l'm think may you of some know I
here-DEATH baby innocent an with dealing not are We away? get to order in car a with brother own his over run even killer Boston the Didn't
killings-maimings the remember medals him give and him release to want and killer Boston the for sorry feeling start people stupid the When
suspect". "the as KILLER BOSTON the to refers always anyone offend to afraid so media news the when hate I
ass his kicked piece-l a want wrongly me sued that one the like guys that well so do and good-beautiful so are Macy's at ties and shirts The
ties. and shirts my of success on fees licensing him owed I claimed who character some against Post) (N.Y. decision Court big a won just I
t finish? to case year 12 argument. legal good a have may he and rights his killer Boston the read didn't they that worried are they no Oh
going! Great @PierceCorey
MACY'S. TO GO amazing. is fragrance Also cost. reasonable really a at and anywhere made shirts and ties beautiful most and best the Sorry
great! That's @Lumberportal
Thanks! @cjdew67
tonight! trial the involved-start others all and Police Boston FBI the by job Great
health? to back him bring to Care Obama for eligible killer Boston the Is
disaster). year 12 a (not fast trial-but a get should he course dopes-of you tweets my Read
innocent! is he chance kidding-zero be must You
kind. be not Do people! and children innocent of killer Boston the for penalty death then trial quick then info the ALL Get
reporting! to back get &amp; day other the made they mistake the for apologizing stop should .@CNN
http://t.co/lLMjQh2iz9 David! like back it bring could nobody -- Magazine TIME of CEO as choice brilliant a be would Pecker David
Republic. Czech the not is Chechnya up. mixed it got You've @MarlboroStan
others? of influence without alone operated brothers two these believe really you comments—Do of Lots
tape? that together putting it was genius How job. amazing an doing are others &amp; police @FBIPressOffice The
lookout. the on and vigilant Be members. cell other from assistance and help had They alone. work not did brothers Tsarnaev These
Sunday. this @ApprenticeNBC All-Star on 5?” BIG Your “What’s campaign ad new its unveil will America North Tourism African South
http://t.co/Y8em4FYN58 @DoralResort. at construction of beginning the from shot great Another
http://t.co/nu0VqdMhEu @DoralResort. new a of start the at crew and @IvankaTrump With
up. give or in give to refusing and tenacious being means It unreasonable. or difficult nasty being mean doesn’t tough Being
Champion A Like Think – opportunities.” on focusing of instead problems on focusing time much too spend people “Sometimes
City. York New of Mayor for running be will Weiner Anthony Sexter alert! Pervert
http://t.co/GyYH07cUIO ago- years 35 almost @DonaldJTrumpJr With #TBT
http://t.co/tkKliU7bxu spot destination &amp; hotel elite most Soho’s is @TrumpSoHo Award Five-Diamond AAA York New in spa top Featuring
thanks. Great @ace_stef
luck! good and Dan Hi @Gabagul_
someone! need We @aclutter51
Great! @camarrone
http://t.co/mAi1Js2k0L ceremonies pregame during Anthem National over take fans @NHLBruins Watch Amazing!
Touch Midas – people.” with well do not do they because is business in well do not do people many reason “One
worse! things makes only Washington ObamaCare from learned have we as And tragedies. stop ever will bill gun no that is reality The
you. Thank @lanele123
true. and Interesting @UnitedContractF
http://t.co/Uny6w86GS2 me. and @Joan_Rivers with is she here @AmandaTMiller- loves Everyone
life. your of aspects all in you limits big think could you when small Thinking
http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU country the in course golf public luxury top the is @TrumpGolfLA views Ocean Pacific panoramic spectacular W/
http://t.co/JNJRVIMW3B half in prevention bomb domestic cut it &amp; cronyism green &amp; welfare expanded budget deficit $1T+ Obama’s
contract. his voided have would @Yankees us. with longer no is Steinbrenner George lucky is fraud biggest @MLB’s A-Rod Druggie
Great! @GauravK725
Thanks. @blake1swanson
Morsi’s. Brotherhood Muslim to run all would They funeral. Thatcher’s Lady attended Kerry nor Biden Obama neither that terrible is It
you. with works who choose to is job important most your entrepreneur an are you If hard. is people with Dealing easy. is Business
http://t.co/bso3k1pR7l terrorists with up ending are Afghanistan in wasted being billions the of some that pathetic so is gov't Our
more. even promised and everything them gave nothing got He China. to trip Kerry’s at laughing be still must Chinese The
@TrumpTowerNY. in @StephenBaldwin7 with conference press @ApprenticeNBC All-Star yesterday’s at time fantastic a Had
Thanks. @KathyLooper
fans. @RedSox all were we Yesterday country. the and Boston for Good yesterday. big win @RedSox see to Great
again. great America make would I Well @Y0itsbeau
Flattery! @handyrachet
Thanks. @Real_LukasHall @puffy61
it! finished I it started Wrong--he @mcuban @dandeloof
you. Thank @MusicByEthan
Thanks. @TrumpLasVegas @LUSHPILLAI
fast! failing are negotiator--we a needs country Our @LarryRobertWyat
Thanks. @BeaumontAnthony
http://t.co/vu501xhSHc blog. video today's in Marathon Boston the at tragedy yesterday's discuss I
http://t.co/MmyF5YNInu @TrumpTowerNY. in conference press @ApprenticeNBC at today earlier @StephenBaldwin7 With
you. Thank @ccade937
Thanks. @DannyOjedaOKC
you. Thank @lesterwge
humiliated. be and lose both him watching fun great be Will mayor. for runs Weiner Anthony pervert sexting the hope sure I
http://t.co/qpg1BwRUMw (cont) Solomon Lawrence by journalists” warming global for changing “Climate @financialpost: Via
there! stays there on goes What http://t.co/IE1In9f9J5 glass golden of tower 64-story a is @TrumpLasVegas destination top Vegas’
from. coming you’re where exactly know anyone let never and flexible and reasonable Be power. than more persuasion is Negotiation
http://t.co/lEDWYOIhNr (cont) bit that to difference big a made have you you with I'm &amp; Aberdeenshire in live I @NOBLE74 RT .@alexsalmond
http://t.co/5z0lUko0Ft (cont) I until was turbine wind a useless how knew never I 100% agree I time This @RichWaugaman RT .@alexsalmond
Luck. Good win. you if service great a scotland in us doing be You'll @islandbluenose RT .@alexsalmond
Yes. @adamjackson73
most. the at $25 be Should $87/barrel. over is crude Yet everywhere. slowing growth with stress deep under is economy world The
yesterday fire under work excellent their for doctors &amp; responders first emergency all &amp; @FBIBoston @Boston_Police to Congratulations
http://t.co/ShGl8FUFii battle” farm wind for lawyer top hires Trump “Donald @scotsmandotcom: Via
http://t.co/OXIWUe15Ct ever. than better be will Boston Boston- in Fenway at ago years few a pitch first the out Throwing
http://t.co/bSwTv3eBvD Up” Apprentice' Celebrity 'All-Star Down Simpsons' 'The &amp; Guy' 'Family Sunday Ratings @TVbytheNumbers:“TV Via
guy! great &amp; player great a Adam--he's know I @AscotCarRental
supporter. U.S. big a was She funeral. Thatcher’s Margaret to anyone sending isn’t administration the that sad very It’s
nice--thanks. Very @Yazzeruk
person. great a also happy--she's be will .@TheRealMarilu @ApprenticeNBC @TheRealMarilu @terryvanburen
I. am so happy--and be will Macy's @oparinde
it! love will You @mrmikeyharrison
Thanks. @IvankaTrump @foxandfriends @emilyplacido
real. is show the because in them left but thrilled not was I @ApprenticeNBC @stephenbaldwin @sonoman24
base. low very a from started year--&amp; every &amp; each dumber gets he sadly &amp; time long a for @hardball_chris known I’ve
yesterday. offended you people the all to apologize should You others? many so &amp; Ayers Bill about forget you Did .@hardball_chris
right. the from are terrorists domestic that people telling television—now on IQ lowest the have must .@hardball_chris
punishment! harsh with (Boston) acts terrorist of perpetrators the for trials rapid but fair seek and land our of laws the change must We
day! terrible this on Boston of people the to out goes heart My
#Hawaii @realDonaldTrump resort lovely a like looks Waikiki Hotel Trump The @gatewaypundit: RT
Power. Team on success continued her with viewers @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity Star All the impressing is .@TheRealMarilu
season this performance overall strong had Stephen @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity Star All night's last in @StephenBaldwin7 firing Despite
http://t.co/Fmd9eFt606 growth economic &amp; savings hurting cut rate IRA Obama's on interview @gretawire my it missed you case In
http://t.co/1OcOwVfgmn Obamacare &amp; rate tax 18% Obama's grandchildren my pregnancy @IvankaTrump's re: interview @foxandfriends My
#CelebApprentice NBC. and ABCCBS among 18-49 in #1 ranks @ApprenticeNBC pm 10-11 From
http://t.co/nBGYwCNDnz” shot! Great -- @HulkHogan with @EricTrump and .@DonaldJTrumpJr
minutes! two in Friends and Fox doing be Will
#CelebApprentice decision? right the made I think you Do
#CelebApprentice home? going is think you do Who
#CelebApprentice http://t.co/rHqPoJGRcf @TrumpTowerNY- boardroom- the of home The
#CelebApprentice important. very is integration Product
#CelebApprentice films. silent entertaining very produced have teams both -- impressed I’m
#CelebApprentice @TrumpTowerNY of shots Great
#CelebApprentice Taxi? on starred @TheRealMarilu years many how know you Do
#CelebApprentice Weapon? Lethal Break? Point film? short Tonight's film? @THEGaryBusey favorite your is What
#CelebApprentice @OMAROSA? miss anyone Does time! boardroom It's
#CelebApprentice boardroom. the like look room edit the making are arguments @StephenBaldwin7's and .@PennJillette
#CelebApprentice better? be will think you do film silent which shoots- the on Based
#CelebApprentice yet? conflict sense we Do out. him creeps Penn says Stephen and line cliché @StephenBaldwin7’s like doesn’t .@pennjillette
#CelebApprentice Cavemen? or Vampires choose- you would What
#CelebApprentice land. @THEGaryBusey in are We pass?” day a with vampire “A
#CelebApprentice trouble?? in Power Team is Manager... Project as .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice him. fire to having like didn’t I award. year the of comeback the gets true—@dennisrodman It’s
#CelebApprentice significance. new a on taken has spelling think I week. last Milania vs. @MELANIATRUMP re comments of lot A
GREAT! IS SHOW TONIGHT'S -- APPRENTICE CELEBRITY for NBC to turn to ready Get
Doral! National Trump at soon you see I'll - Adam you of proud really am I - @adamscott
it! deserve you - @AdamScott job Great
9 MASTERS. THE LIKE JUST SHOW GREAT A NBC. on 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity watch to sure Make
player! and guy great a is @AdamScott
luck! Good @tjwacker.
B. Gary watch - episode great - hours two full a to increased - 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity watch to evening your save Remember
stupid! being stop must U.S. help-the our for pay form some in must Korea South
happen! this let problem-don't Korea North the with us help to them for order in U:S. the and Kerry Secretary from much extract will China
disaster! a end the be would that wow - drugs re. him implicate would that papers the buy to try really Rod A Did
true! Also @VeIvetRose
lovers App for news season-great of end through P.M. 9 at night Sunday this starting hours 2 to Apprentice Celebrity increased NBC Remember
shot-Champ! great another with hole on bogey a water-gets the into kicks and pin the hits which shot great a @TigerWoods-hits for break Bad
year! this oblivion from back Lakers the brought who champion great truly a - night last injured badly so was Bryant Kobe that shame a What
China) for up stick can I Masters(see The at play slow for penalty stroke one a China from golfer old year 14 the gave they that Ridiculous
tonight. Letterman David on am I
stupid. are them--or let we if rule only will China @bakerjb19
truth. the speak only I @MannaaEyad
close! even not one's that control--&amp; gun than more far control nuclear about worried be should country Our
http://t.co/u5T96FzmnF #TrumpVlog- today's in Obamacare about talk I
Thanks. @IvankaTrump @LanaH11
hunters. than birds more kill will Turbines @dabg3241
True! @piersmorgan @truckncargirl
nice. very Thanks @MisterEspinal
people. and environments destroy Turbines @DanScavino @BBCNews @pressjournal @AlexSalmond @RobertMcCallis3
True. @DanScavino @Faithable
week. next the for dividends major pay will It regroup. and relax to weekend this time take to Remember
CBS. on PM 11:35 at tonight re-aired be will @Late_Show Letterman David on week last from performance My
critical. is It ‘No.’ say to how Learn favors. more for asked be will you grows success your as that remember Always
Billionaire a Like Think – favor.” the return will they and people with direct and front up “Be
others. and -- Korea North from threats repeated the against strength show and TV on come to him for time is It President? the is Where
sad? and frightening that Isn’t Rodman. Dennis is child man Korean North the with met has who American only The
threat. major a is China us. taunt to Norks the using are they day all us hacking cyber besides now So Korea. North controls China
http://t.co/io18z7NM9b public... the show don't they that photos the ?@DanScavino RT @BBCNews @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
http://t.co/0nOkuUvuuV all.... it says - caption &amp; photo the think would one - @DanScavino RT @BBCNews @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
http://t.co/oSuHX0noqA amenities superb &amp; views stunning features room Each destination. &amp; hotel luxury top Hawaii’s is .@TrumpWaikiki
position! good in He’s @The_Masters. @TigerWoods on are eyes All
about talking is @realDonaldTrump what know I Now windmills. ugly of tons seeing and Indiana through Driving @King_Pepp RT .@alexsalmond
EST PM 9 at starting episodes hour 2 season--full the of end the until hours 2 to @ApprenticeNBC increased has .@nbc
http://t.co/V2ca9ZfpH6 Sydney" in presence a build to planning empire "Trump @australian: Via
fan! a or defender a never was I Bush about me to talk Don't
stupid! them-how defending fortune a spend we while us on fortune a make They anything. for Korea South asking not are we believe can't I
you. Thank @ryanrockefelker
Thanks. @WWE @AhmedMallick2
so! hope I @VinceMcMahon @WWE @_AJPerez
Mark. Probably @rodmonium91
Billionaire a Like Think conversation.”- making trouble no have will you rule simple that remember you If interesting. is “Interested
child! man the to message strong a send and Garden Rose the from statement a Make crisis. Korean the on lead to time is it President Mr.
us. at laughing is world strong The http://t.co/5jzKm3ost4 algae-powered ships navy our making $2B spends budget Obama’s
http://t.co/iQuwB3mFGo ago- years 20 I and @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #TBT
hrs. 2 to Back TV!!! SEE MUST @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity All-Star Sunday's this on mgr project be will THEGaryBusey come. has time The
writer. respected a such are you why That’s WrestleMania. re words nice your appreciate Greatly @WWE .@Jimmyv3
people! ceremony--fantastic Fame of Hall @WWE the at everyone liked really I
Knick! and Yorker New great a is @carmeloanthony 1994. since title Division Atlantic first their winning on @nyknicks to Congratulations
fall! this grandchild another yet have will I news. big the on Jared and @IvankaTrump to Congratulations
come. they when them seize and aggressive Be them. for looking there out are you if themselves present only Opportunities
Big Think – you.” with mess to want not will watching people that so jugular the for “Go
monstrosities. mill wind those allowed have would NEVER Thatcher Margaret @realdonaldtrump @rdowns RT @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
thanks. news Wonderful @dvorlando @BklynBorn71
True! @UKWildcatFan96
Thanks. @cherish_how @SyxxPac1980
True! @Bogart_Ron
soon! there be will I @DohaBen
easy! too it's much Not @MdAhGOD
sad! Very pissed. are partners his and playoffs the from eliminated just were Mavericks Dallas Cuban-the Mark for badly so feel I
Great! @JTHolder2010
Great! @RealDougClark
son! your to hi say and Thanks @maggieaveu_a
Thanks! @_CASSmoney_
Carnegie Andrew - climb.” to willing is he unless ladder the up anyone push cannot “You
A-Rod. free drug a than player better much a and price the half than less He’s start. terrific a to off is Youkilis Kevin .@Yankees
office. public holding business zero has Weiner Anthony pervert Sexual
Billionaire a Like Think – results.” through is people impress to way best The success. breeds “Success
gets. it as good as be will course the completed When target. on right are @DoralResort Trump at renovations $200M The
Enjoy! http://t.co/DHp3L2DdQj hike tax class middle another has budget proposed Obama’s
@HollywoodLife via http://t.co/UMN4QpgmHN Birthday” Happy A Stewart Kristen Wishes Trump “Donald
http://t.co/RbD4ihqTom - #TrumpVlog new all today's in Korea South discuss I
you! Thank @AlxG21
luck. good Thanks--and @DanSt_Schwind
Thanks! @TrumpChicago @SandeepSrih
Thanks! @nbc @EricLahti929 @RogerBiles
http://t.co/UMN4QpgmHN line care skin her &amp; @ApprenticeNBC on debut her discussing @MELANIATRUMP w/ interview @HollywoodLife My
Fragrance-love! SUCCESS suits-and and shirts ties DJT some buys and today Macy's to goes losers) and haters the (especially everyone hope I
was! it - incredible was it thought WWE The speech. my during Garden Square Madison in energy great the LOVED I but haters and losers Sorry
see! to want people what that's because - Network USA on night last time most the segment and speech my give WWE the and Vince did Why
Thanks! @BrosHoban
@riggs_deb
@Brian_Legit
@TheEllenShow @emmyb96
@StephenHCornell
@bjjsoulroller @VirginiaDG
@thefarfar
http://t.co/vwomJQMmo4 #WWEHOF MSG. at crowd out sold the of front in inductees fellow With
http://t.co/e3sn5WhbTS #WWEHOF 2013. of Class
#WWEHOF http://t.co/jIYw6Tjja0 backstage- @SammartinoBruno with Talking
#WWEHOF @TripleH. and @SammartinoBruno @Schwarzenegger With http://t.co/NTtjAWnrnU group! great a What
http://t.co/B3qYZS4Ptc #WWEHOF me. and @SammartinoBruno inductee Fellow
http://t.co/eRU4iewrxM #WWEHOF @trishstratuscom with am I Here
http://t.co/NvmU0GfFPn #WWEHOF. crowd. out sold the from inducted get @trishstratuscom Watching
http://t.co/Q4kwLrWxI4 #WWEHOF shot. group Family
http://t.co/fBxho8MWgh #WWEHOF stage. on me of one Another
http://t.co/aJInsaEbug #WWEHOF speech. my Making
http://t.co/5VW83b5EfZ #WWEHOF History. WWE in moments greatest the of one crowd the shows McMahon Vince
http://t.co/FTcHOuhoLZ #WWEHOF. the at @mariamenounos terrific the see to nice Always
http://t.co/64ck6O78h3 #WWEHOF show. the Watching
http://t.co/0pOoh6ixWC #WWEHOF terrific. was .@JerryLawler
show. Amazing Sunday! on P.M. 9 at starting hours two to episodes Apprentice Celebrity remaining all increased has NBC Yea
http://t.co/6xqMVkiMHl Fame. of Hall WWE the into inducted be to was it honor great a what discuss I #TrumpVlog new all today's In
http://t.co/tuB8UVokyw the… behind exclusive posting be will I USA. on 10PM at tonight #WWEHOF the into inducted get me Watch
http://t.co/H9WCzThC4a #WWEHOF. the at @Schwarzenegger seeing great was It
2013) 8 April – 1925 13 (October Thatcher Margaret PM – earth." on here earned be to have they heaven from fall don't “"Pennies
espionage? cyber through today us from stolen China has much how Tuesday It’s
words! nice your appreciate really I Eddie Thanks @thejbrain @JoseCanseco @Red_Head_Ed
Thanks! @thejbrain
http://t.co/cwnjS0VBPz Instagram- on me Follow
http://t.co/q02V8RY6Hw at… Woods Tiger to Trophy @CadillacChamp WGC the presenting erictrump and @IvankaTrump with am I Here
incredible! really country--- the in finest the is it --- CharlottesvilleVirginia in @trumpwinery left just I
faith. of opposite the is Fear it. with deal can you know dealt been you've Whatever power. own your negate Don't
up! give don't and focus your Keep opportunities. always are There positively. Think
place. the own They not? Why DC. across machines vending newspaper street in sold is Daily’ ‘China reality. new The
America. of ally &amp; leader great democracy---a &amp; freedom promoted She West. the of Lady Iron the was Thatcher Margaret
good. very is is--which really Dennis who showed @ApprenticeNBC season’s this to return His @dennisrodman. by impressed very am I
http://t.co/klReS5C1Ox #WWEHOF &amp; election 2016 Korea South by off ripped getting report job dismal the re: interview @gretawire My
guy. amazing an is @WWE--@VinceMcMahon Thanks
http://t.co/EaFwVQxXeG @WrestleMania &amp; debut @MELANIATRUMP’s report job @dennisrodman firing Korea North re: interview .@foxandfriends
great! was she standard any @theviewtv--by on being finished just .@MELANIATRUMP
one! happy a Have @angie_ncislover
in! Tune collection. care skin her &amp; #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc discussing ET 11am at today @theviewtv on be will .@melaniatrump
#CelebApprentice map! the on definitely is @AmandaTMiller and @TrumpTowerNY in fans many receive to continued has Adrian maker- star a I’m
#CelebApprentice tonight! entertainment great watching I'm @WrestleMania- and boardroom The
#CelebApprentice far? so think you do What
#CelebApprentice so! rightly and @MELANIATRUMP- with entranced is @THEGaryBusey that appears It
#CelebApprentice season. this performance his and Dennis of proud I’m PM’s- as @dennisrodman and .@pennjillette
same? the be ever it Will @OMAROSA. post #CelebApprentice The
#CelebApprentice appearing… be will @MELANIATRUMP beautiful the wife My
#CelebApprentice well.... episode the know I tweets. few a doing be will but tonight @WrestleMania at I’m
action! full in Dennis watch - Apprentice Celebrity on tonight manager project a is Rodman Dennis
@lordandtaylor collection. care skin great her reveals who @MELANIATRUMP beauty legendary the stars and tonight great is @ApprenticeNBC
country" other any helping business no have we country this in cans trash of out eating people have we When @HelpUServe @realDonaldTrump :
P.M. 9 at Apprentice Celebrity of episodes hour two only broadcast will NBC ratings) good (plus demand popular by and week next Starting
AMAZING! - P.M. 10 AT TRUMP @MELANIA FEATURING EPISODE NEW GREAT A WITH P.M. 9 at episode weeks last rebroadcasting is Apprentice Celebrity
Bruno. including people great some met amazing-I was Fame of Hall WWE the into Garden Square Madison at night last induction My
down! is direction that and - direction one in going be only will we gone that's when and SPIRIT it's losing rapidly is America True
Korea! North pushing is China
North? the from them protect to spending are we money of amounts massive the for us paying start to going Korea South is When
threats tough-blatant very get to have may we point some At Korea. North in job wack old year 28 the with careful very be must President Our
luck! good and thanks - you call will Lili @BillLMU
family! Trump the and me for honor great a - Garden Square Madison at Fame of Hall WWE the into tonight inducted be to ready getting I'm
Ricardo! going Great @RicardoHernanG
interest! of subjects other and economy bad the about talking be will We Fox. on P.M. 10 at Susteren Van Greta With Record the On doing am I
http://t.co/Wv6uYBgaKh amazing! be will it - Doral National Trump at contractors with day full Spent
hours. two to back going but schedule Original @ApprenticeNBC @keiththoms
hours. 2 to increases show the week next Starting @ApprenticeNBC @JordanKnoxville
great. is Either @GAPools
Wow! @PhilipMyrer
you. Thank @emilyhoms @OurColorado
luck. good Great @blazey53
Mark. Thanks @ckmagic32
News. Fox on PM 10 at tonight @gretawire Susteren Van Greta with Record The On be will I
Basil. Thanks @__Mickey_Mouse
Maria! Okay--hi @Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk
Four. @Lood800 @BuzzFeedPSA
son. your to Hi Traci. Thanks @trentnanny09
Peter J. Laurence - failure.” with content are you whether but failed have you whether not is question great “The
PM. 10 at episode new by followed @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity of episode week's last of re-run be will EST PM 9 at night Sunday
together! @MELANIATRUMP &amp; @IvankaTrump w/ ever judges boardroom beautiful most the has @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star Sunday’s This
http://t.co/xVp4QhZ3IL #Redbook exciting! Very cover. magazine Redbook May my out Check @IvankaTrump: RT
horizon. on taxes high &amp; Care Obama with expand can’t Businesses 190000. was Prediction March. past this added were jobs 88000 Only
deterrent? a not is penalty death the says ...Who
penalty... death the avoid to hard fighting is others 58 injured &amp; people 12 killed who guy Colorado Aurora the Holmes James
Fame? of Walk Hollywood the on Star my or Fame of Hall @WWE the into induction “cooler”—my is which me Tell
Fame. of Hall @WWE the into inducted get I Garden Square Madison at night exciting—tomorrow Very
Street! Wall on day bad projections.A worst the beyond - bad really is report Jobs
fan! a not am I way no - tattoo a got I that spreading is Word
us! taunting love call-they phone one with problem this solve could China China. of help the without eat even or survive can't Korea North
great and working hard smart are They Miami. in Doral National Trump of owner the as people speaking Spanish many know to gotten have I
yourself. than greater is that cause a for work you if vain in be never will work Your
http://t.co/H2CwH8Yopm Virginia... in wine rated highest the --- points 91 Reserve Sparkling Vineyard’s Trump awarded just .@WineEnthusiast
@THEGaryBusey! u Thank ” http://t.co/Edhyw5oupw Heaven. past miles 5000 lives beauty Her “@ApprenticeNBC: @MELANIATRUMP RT
#WrestleMania #WWEHOF @TheGarden. in Saturday this Fame of Hall @WWE into me inducting @VinceMcMahon to forward Looking
http://t.co/Edhyw5oupw episode week’s this on debut @MELANIATRUMP Mrs. @ApprenticeNBC All-Star of viewers loyal my for gift a have I
Anonymous – turn." the take to refuse you unless road the of end the not is road the in bend "The
boot! the get Omarosa watch - episode Amazing 9. at CNBC on tonight Apprentice Celebrity Remember
situation. win/win a Create them. underestimate Don't from. coming they’re where Know wants. side other the what about Think Negotiation:
possible. as much as diplomat a Be opportunity. an as conflict any View Negotiation: Re:
field. your in adapt could you that practices and approaches innovations Find expertise. of areas own your of outside ideas good for Look
amazing! is press political country's This 'Americans'?! them? call we should What immigrants" "illegal term the banning is AP Now
troops. our at shot be will these of some mistake no Make http://t.co/PpW4oXKM0K ammo in $288M Police Afghan the bought just Obama
War. Korean the during us attacked China us. intimidate to is border Nork’s the on buildup military massive China’s of purpose The
Message the are You Ailes Roger – saying.” they’re what to receptive you’re that so speaking is someone if mind your clear &amp; “Relax
\ http://t.co/4bXfmA4jxy Income" Their Project Accurately Don’t They If ‘Obamacare’ Under Bills Tax Surprise Get Could "Millions
billionaires! favorite two My @WWE @realDonaldTrump @VinceMcMahon @RealBHorowitz: RT
http://t.co/LWbuwYdXpu Hate” Without World a “Imagine (ADL): League Anti-Defamation the of Anniversary 100th the of honor in Video
Scotland! for turbines wind costly and inefficient manufacture they as place takes pollution time big where China to look should We
book President-open our past-unlike my into look should coaches about nothing know and non-athlete a was I assume that losers and haters The
coached. ever he best Dobias-said Ted coach State-ask N.Y. in player bball best the be to said but sorry baseball and football played I
tough! be can coaches - baby a like look him made who coach a had I but bad looks Rutgers at coach basketball The
9 at CNBC - tonight on Apprentice Celebrity
sad! - change" "climate to name the changing move Good warming"? "global with on going is what - Spring the in day freezing Another
others). many (and @NYMag like just - hope or future no with boring and bland very - sucks @BillMoyers
Brooks C. Arthur - satisfaction." life for but creation wealth for just not formula a essentially is enterprise "Free
Reagan Ronald ? taxes." collects It taxes. pay doesn't Business business. tax can't "You
Korea? North against it protecting for States United the paying Korea South wealthy very is much how again ask I
wouldn’t. Jobs Steve for? apologizing he is hell the What China. to apologized Apple of Cook Tim that terrible was it think I
salary! @PBS big @BillMoyers' paying are dollars tax our unemployed are Americans of millions where turmoil economic of time this In
http://t.co/eGK5T7mrq4 @JeremiahWright coddles Moyers Here @PBS. rest to laid being is career whose hack liberal a is .@BillMoyers
http://t.co/cE5CKtAPYm Building" Office Post Old For Renderings Releases "Trump @UrbanTurf_DC: Via
Fame. of Hall @WWE the into inducted being and night Saturday to forward look I
expense. our at laughing is China Dollar. the against high record another hit Yuan The
Korea! North over control has China
consequences. have Elections Defense? of Sec. is Hagel Chuck that builder confidence big a it is Korea in crisis impending the With
http://t.co/iw9h3Qa6Y5 Mar-a-Lago. at children wonderful two with Carson Ben Dr. &amp; Paley Dror Dr. With
http://t.co/RA4hEXKNwC winners. real job—two fantastic absolutely an done have @autismspeaks of co-founders Wright Suzanne &amp; Bob
follow. will success doing you're what love you If passionate. Be
either. will else one no don’t you if yourself—because in believe and can possibly you best the do high bar the Set
victory... of margin percent 31 a delivered @ApprenticeNBC news local to lead-in ET PM 10:30 the In
adults.... of demo news key the in NBC and CBS ABC among ...
Nielsen. 25-54)- and 18-49 18-34 women and men (adults demos key all in p.m. 10:30-11 from NBC and CBS ABC among #1 was ..."Apprentice"
druggie. a was he them telling without contract his signed A-Rod—he paying stop immediately should @Yankees The
joke! a is A-Rod him. than seasons better have will @astros on players the Half @astros. entire the than more is salary A-Rod’s
it. deserve sacrifices Their consideration. strong them Give soldiers. returning Interview business? your expanding you Are
http://t.co/U94jvw9pGT oil the of majority taking is China China. for great = Iraqis ungrateful for bravest nation’s our Sacrificing
http://t.co/E7B0kydeXl vaccine” by damaged children autistic two to millions awards court “Vaccine @BuzzFeedAndrew: &amp; .@michellemalkin
deported. them have then &amp; institutions finest our in them educate We Europeans. from is protected is "border" our where place only The
Democrat. vote all will illegals 12M the and it want doesn’t base Their @GOP. the for risk all is reform Immigration
renovations. of $200M with revolutionized being is @DoralResort National Trump The up. torn is Monster Blue The Today
Hi. @higginsane
@JonEasley by http://t.co/BW5LGUglDc reform" immigration on fast too moving GOP warns "Trump @thehill: Via
@Mediaite via http://t.co/omz1wUYtCX Voters" Dem New Million’ ’12 Creating Immigration On GOP Warns Trump Careful’:Donald Be "‘Better
Steinbrenner George - next.” winning first Breathing breathing. after life my in thing important most the is “Winning
XXIII @WrestleMania in head McMahon's shaved I When http://t.co/YAbjUQS07D MOMENTS” @WWE GREATEST TRUMP'S Archive:“DONALD @WWE
http://t.co/Cp5lkJpz2A @OMAROSA firing &amp; East Middle in money wasting immigration on @GOP for risk on interview @foxandfriends My
Ratings demos—Nielsen key other all and 18-49 in NBC and CBS ABC among period time the in #1 is Apprentice” Celebrity “All-Star
decision.. better a as down go reasons--will humanitarian terrorist—for the of release insane .@AlexSalmond’s
lands.@AlexSalmond magnificent Scotland’s of destruction his than ...
Lockerbie… over 103 flight Am Pan up blew who terrorist the released who politician Scottish the .@AlexSalmond
back. come to hard working are &amp; problems addiction have who people many representing also was I @dennisrodman by standing In
good! the for and way long a come has night—he last @ApprenticeNBC on @dennisrodman defend to honor great my was It
luck. Good @South_Said
Omarosa. host.Tonight: terrific a he’s &amp; support his love We show. his on contestants @ApprenticeNBC features regularly .@jimmyfallon
enjoy! - 7.05 at minutes 10 in Friends and Fox doing be Will
#CelebApprentice celebrity! new a have We @TrumpTowerNY. in requests photo many had has and cruise Disney a on recognized was Adrian
#CelebApprentice think? you did What boardroom! Great
#CelebApprentice writing? is @amandatmiller think you do What
philanthropy. @EricTrump's of proud very am I Hospital. Research Children’s @StJude for work important do to continues .@EricTrumpFdn
#CelebApprentice time! about Fame— of Walk Hollywood the on star a received has .@pennjillette
#CelebApprentice win? will think you do team what and favorite— your was artwork Whose
Omarosa! hates truly Piers
#CelebApprentice them. miss Don’t Teller. &amp; Penn are so And fantastic. They’re performance? in @bluemangroup see Ever
#CelebApprentice malfunction.” “communication a have @OMAROSA and he says @piersmorgan Agreed--
#CelebApprentice it. knows everyone and tough be can Piers combo. love-hate classic a be to seems @piersmorgan on take .@LilJon’s
#CelebApprentice song. a into Busey-ism his made has he Now
#CelebApprentice form.” final the not is it search the only is “Art Busey-isms: his of one and .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice wince? @OMAROSA see I Did back! is .@piersmorgan
@TrumpNewYork #CelebApprentice story. a quite Up”—it’s Give “Never book my in being into came hotel this how about Read
#CelebApprentice city. the in icon an become has that globe the of home the is NYC in CPW on .@TrumpNewYork
#CelebApprentice demise. her was boardroom—that the to back come to chose she who in best the wasn’t judgment .@claudiajordan’s
#CelebApprentice be? you Would @OMAROSA of afraid really people Are
episodes! great time all our of One tonight? Omarosa to happen will What
times troubled these in decisions wise and great make to leaders our need We EASTER! GREAT a had everyone almost rather or everyone hope I
reasons! other for not deserved is it when people fire only I Remember tonight. Apprentice Celebrity on O Big the to happen will what So
hours! 2 to episodes future all increased just NBC but scheduled as P.M. 10 at starts IMPORTANT tonight. Apprentice Celebrity on NIGHT BIG
all! you love I EASTER GREAT a Have
sad. Very factories! dirty their with fortune a make they while pollution China's for price the paying is World the that saying I'm No
pays. World of Rest GROWNG! RAPIDLY is it how and China in damage environmental of cost the discusses today Times York New in article Major
stupidity! our at laugh and factories their up clean to nothing do They far. by World the in polluter environmental biggest the is China
us. without collapse would economy China's don't! they which it use to how knew leaders our if China over power economic tremendous have We
NOTHING! - Korea? North from them protecting of cost tremendous the for Korea South competitor economic our from get we do What
leaders. our for respect no have they but to wanted they if easily problem this solve could China China. on reliant is Korea North
community. autism the for support term long recent Not @gramma421
GLN! you Thank @GenaLeeNolin
is!). it (which march death a like looks - product paper better Use inaccurate. highly but boring only not sad really @NYMag Current
Easter. Happy a and Friday Good great a Have
follow. they standards the Learn authorities. and leaders trendsetters the Identify field. your in best the is what and who out Find
themselves. best to obligation an have They about. thinking they're what is deal next the so challenge the for go Achievers
own. your on it achieve to have else--you someone teach can't you something It's knowledge. and experience both of result a as comes Wisdom
@OMAROSA. &amp; @piersmorgan between rumble Room Board memorable another features @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star week’s This
@autismspeaks autism. against battle haul long the in fight &amp; contribute should Everybody
expectations. your in fixed not fluid Remain ideas. new to open Remain undertake. you whatever in thorough be to time the Take
http://t.co/wfD6wmF1uF epidemic autism the for strategy national a for House White the to petition their with @autismspeaks help Please
Monster! Blue better and bigger new spectacular a build to order in on.Monday Doral National Trump at Monster Blue famous the up blow We
long! last won't it now it Get there. out boring most the of one - dead and lifeless - sucks Magazine York New - @NYMag
http://t.co/32Ygc2ACa9 ratings. the enjoyed David and it enjoyed I night. last @Late_Show the about comments nice the all for Thanks
irrelevant. so and boring so become has @NYMag that in reputation his losing quickly is @NYMag of chief in editor Moss Adam
now? losing they are much How future. near the in die will &amp; boring very is It updated. resumes their have should @NYMag of Employees
China. for news Great http://t.co/i8pTLtCMf3 quarter 2012 Oct-Dec during 0.4% grew only GDP US today. released numbers economic Terrible
problem. the not solution the at goal—look your on Focus short. it keep but scenario worst-case a through go time same the ...At
detrimental... or negative unnecessary is that anything out weeding while focused you keep will thinking—this positive Practice
Anthony. Thanks @BeaumontAnthony
thanks. and True @maffucci93
Trump. C. Fred father My @TheMayorMatt
will. I @BigBobScott
Hughes Howard - are." they way the back things put and it cancel never can you concession some to consent you "Once
rock! a as dumb as is @hardball_chris stumbling and Rambling
Thanks is! there best the - Serta from is mattress Signature Trump
go! we Here do? I did how - think you what know me let - now Letterman on Going
Thanks! @AGALLEGOS32
@JohnDuthie1 @pressjournal @AlexSalmond @Markyoungco
allowed... be cannot clowns These bay. Aberdeen over out looking here sitting just @JohnDuthie1 RT @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
view! this destroy and farm wind a build to ...
windmills these w/ past the of thing a be soon will scotland bonnie but scottish be to proud im @djkevritch RT @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
Scotland poor And windfarms. the abhor who neighbors Canadian our Ask @GailLorene RT @pressjournal .@alexsalmond
destroyed. be will lives &amp; values home smart--their very are folks Blackdog @slainsview
so! hope I @Late_Show @dbpresswire
food--thanks. Fantastic @jessilin02
great! is Thanks--@HowardStern @spewrange
well! do I Hope @CreelKen
Thanks. Great! @BrocktonConwell
think! watch—I will all you hope tonight—I @Late_Show Letterman David the do to ready Getting
be! won't they built--but are turbines wind these if tarnished be will wildlife &amp; value historic Its spectacular. is coast Aberdeenshire
money. the Vattenfall…Follow with members Parliament Scottish of dealings financial the into look journalists all To
Fame. of Hall the into inducted be to Excited epic! willbe @JohnCena v. @TheRock XXIX. @WrestleMania @WWE’s until weeks two than Less
philanthropy. @EricTrump's of proud very am I Hospital. Research Children’s @StJude for work important do to continues .@EricTrumpFdn
thanks. Yes--and @JNorr11
Bobby. Thanks @nashvillebobby
luck! good Thanks--and @MisterMcFlee
you. Thank @washtimes @thedealszone
you. to wishes best my Kate--All @SmallTwnBigNews
true! often and Interesting @TheMayorMatt
him. of proud Very overdue. long is Fame of Walk Hollywood the on star whose magician &amp; entertainer extraordinary an is .@pennjillette
Fame! of Walk Hollywood 2013 at honored being on @pennjillette illusionist &amp; celebrity @ApprenticeNBC All-Star fantastic to Congrats
http://t.co/nyatYnkz3O Trump" Donald Meet &amp; Scholarship $1000 Win to Chance Have Schoolers High County "Oakland @RoyalOakPatch: Via
job! Great http://t.co/W00xFiWw0I @oliviaculpo @MissUniverse 2012 gorgeous of @MarioLopezExtra by interview 's @extratv night's Last
http://t.co/2WrbUpiP0W more much &amp; Woods Tiger discussing @AJCalloway with interview @extratv week's last it missed you case In
difficulties. financial serious has &amp; people 2500 off laid just Vattenfall monstrosities wind Scottish the of developer The
future. great a have should and man good a is He life. his with on get and apologising stop should Petraeus General
lobby. Tower Trump in available also - amazing is Macy's at suits and shirts ties of selection new The
interesting! be -should tonight Show Letterman David The doing I'm
on! you get we'll me call - Great @GenaLeeNolin
Apprentice! Celebrity re. tonight Extra on piece Great
bigger. something for us prepare to it's but prepare to stamina and experience up build to things do we Sometimes
on. count can he who knows Tiger Now crisis. of time his in him abandon to quick were ‘friends’ @TigerWoods’ of Many
there. getting into went that work the all see don't They result. end the but anything see don't &amp; people successful at look people Many
tough! be -- back fight you challenges somebody When
done. things get to takes it what That's resolute. Be enough. determined aren't probably you you discourage can someone When
cooked! is data” “Scientific @washtimes http://t.co/hnlbB6et6K cooling” global of evidence “Hiding FLASHBACK:
http://t.co/KGqYWiKPLH events" attract to bid in Chandler with joins "Trump @scotsmandotcom: Via
disaster. a are they knows who someone from is This @AlexSalmond @SeanHooligan6
@TODAY_Clicker http://t.co/iKbkSCtTfT '@ApprenticeNBC'" on @OMAROSA about decision' 'stupid by shocked Trump "Donald
http://t.co/K3LkNvub2o skimming" bank Cyprus in precedent’ ‘dangerous of warns Trump "Donald @washtimes: Via
turbines! ugly pushes Salmond Alex now ...and
... @telegraphnews http://t.co/54NrLMvDcY bomber” Lockerbie of release back to Trump Donald with pleaded Salmond “Alex FLASHBACK:
@guardian http://t.co/AfLacitNL4 energy. delivering record track no has &amp; “experimental” is site farm wind Aberdeen shore off The
.. reasons. humanitarian for al-Megrahi terrorist released that mind same the by conceived was windfarm Scottish The
Scotland. Lockerbie over 103 Flight Am Pan up blew who man the was …al-Megrahi
Angeles. Los Club Golf National Trump @UberBurgers
luck. Great--good @Javi8104
you! Thank @SamRyzen
#EOWDC windfarm. ugly the stop will problems aviation civil and shipping defense radar The
#EOWDC years! for courts in up tied be will - met be never can that conditions many to subject is Scotland in approval windfarm The
Tiger. go to Way do. to tough are comebacks credit him Give again! one number is he - comeback great truly a made has .@TigerWoods
Passover. Happy friends Jewish many my of all For
COLD" ENDING "NEVER - U.S. for headline weather America Morning Good
Joel! good Very @JoelKrautter
Champion A Like Think - slam.” grand a for ready yourself find will you &amp; intact wonder of sense your keep and wholeness for “Strive
... 2016 in America’ ‘overtake will Chinese the R&amp;D &amp; jobs our steal to China allowing leaders our of decades After
http://t.co/s2j9iRNfMA ago. time long a that you told China--I ...Re:
us! at laughing are They http://t.co/T82A4yCPAP R&amp;D &amp; secrets state our of cyber-espionage in PLA w/ working are academics top China’s
sad! Very http://t.co/sEbQQycPmf dollar against high record hit just yuan China against POTUS weakest the become now has Obama
Big Think hard." working means it if even it of advantage full take to sure be does it when So often. around come not does “Luck
Sunday! Palm enjoyed everyone hope I
you. Thank @KiltedKrew
it. appreciate I Thanks @ChristalGraceG
Chuck. Thanks @crainey777
@Newsmax_Media Surprised? http://t.co/T8K3UB2RJn increases premium 200% cause will Care Obama reporting now is CRS liberal the Even
here? happen can’t it Think $17T. owe We bail-out. €10bn for collateral as accounts bank private seizing is Cyprus
right! be may You @jacob_mastro
week! next Watch @ApprenticeNBC @piersmorgan @DickDarkey
fired! now--you're are conservatives the where look and movement conservative the in decades 2 @michellemalkin
thanks. nice Very @DonaldJTrumpJr @AgostinelliNick
Nadine! you Thank @hollywood74
woman! fabulous a is She @StephenBaldwin7 @ABFalecbaldwin @AimeeTruchan
Jennifer. Thanks @StephenBaldwin7 @disneycuty
@wxyzdetroit via http://t.co/qXMQ5KZmCI May” in Detroit metro visit to Trump “Donald
@gatewaypundit warming? global the Where’s http://t.co/WJitoHw6LM years 50 over in winter coldest &amp; longest through freezing is UK
cold)! too was (it working wasn’t just warming global term the after change” “climate to warming” “global from name the changed They
warming? global with on going is What NYC. in snowing started just it and springtime It’s
Fireworks! @ApprenticeNBC. ‘All-Star’ week’s next in Room Board the in reunite again once @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA oh… Uh
http://t.co/BHWKpJeWqo " Happened Really What CPAC: at "Trump @Newsmax_Media: Via
there. stops buck The manager. project the with lies onus ultimate the why showed again once @ApprenticeNBC All-Star night’s Last
#CelebApprentice decision? my of think you did What
#CelebApprentice @TrumpTowerNY. of lobby the by stop you if autographs gives also Adrian
#CelebApprentice stories. of lot a got he’s &amp; @TrumpTowerNY at works he elevator— the in Adrian That’s
#CelebApprentice Organization. Trump the at Marketing of VP a actually is She @AmandaTMiller. about ask People
#CelebApprentice B? Plan Team Power? Team on favorites your are Who
#CelebApprentice win? to choose you would team What
#CelebApprentice boardroom… the in happens what see Let’s
#CelebApprentice lipstick. silver the about sure not But finery. silver in dressed when miss-especially to hard always is .@DennisRodman
impersonator? your of think you did what watching- you’re know —I .@Joan_Rivers
#CelebApprentice impersonator. Trump Donald the as Hammond Darrell got have should They
#CelebApprentice buzzed. definitely crowd the truck the of top on @TraceAdkins With
#CelebApprentice thing. one for right quite not hair’s The head? Trump Donald @DennisRodman’s of think you do What
#CelebApprentice knowledge. revelation not that’s boardroom- the in threat a she’s admitting .@Omarosa
#CelebApprentice agree? you Do place. the over all ping-ponging is @TheRealMarilu thinks .@StephenBaldwin7
#CelebApprentice point. this at clubs fan own their have They @DonaldJTrumpJr. as well as advisor as back @ArsenioHall have to good Always
#CelebApprentice smarts. their get Alec and Stephen where see I Now handsome. very I’m thinks mother .@StephenBaldwin7’s
#CelebApprentice –ever! friends become to likely not are @Omarosa &amp; .@LaToyaJackson
#CelebApprentice yet. settled hasn’t dust the ---and epic truly was boardroom week’s Last
NBC! on o'clock 9 - Apprentice Celebrity during tonight live tweeting be will I
happen! things amazing some - NBC on 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity
Brian! Thanks @kumite67
compliment! great a - you Thank @CharlesRBennett
Michael! True @realMikeShapiro
Phil! Thanks @philzentz
dignity! with out go him let - Leno Jay killing really are they - Wow
love. you job a for cut pay a taking worth be may It you. for right is insist or suggest others that career a pursue blindly Don't
http://t.co/nRUeWrd8bW May" This Novi in Speak to Trump "Donald @NorthvillePatch: Via
anyone????????? warming 1996-global since March coldest the having be will U.S. the like Looks
@STVNews via http://t.co/TSEWVVEldm substation" against battle community backs organisation "Trump
today. round a book area the in you're If http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU West the in course top the ranked is .@TrumpGolfLA
here. happen could that deficits dollar trillion spending keeps government our If Cyprus? in madness the Watching
ready. Get season. entire the of fireworks biggest the of some features @ApprenticeNBC All-Star Sunday's This
@AndrewKirell http://t.co/GvXu5VibMk Stupid'" Born 'Were &amp; 'Dummy' A Twitter:You're On @michellemalkin Trashes Trump .@Mediaite:"Donald
awesome. She's radio. the on @DLoesch to listens @realDonaldTrump that awesome is it think I Personally @EWErickson: RT
True. @igo4par @michellemalkin
her—loser! in sees Sean what see don’t I show. @seanhannity the on being without nothing be would .@MichelleMalkin
Jim! Thanks @jimmymcgreevy
you. Thank @SharleneH
for. account to have will we that things little of amount enormous the of aware I’m sure be can you often is which big think I When
you. Thank @ChrisStackStacy
Chris--thanks! nice Very @cbalfer
forward. moving keep up give not Do @Dafny01
stupid! born were You @michellemalkin
luck. good And picture. big the on focus your keep required is what than more study attention Pay @1fos1
missing? What’s weak? What’s strong? What’s life. your of facet every to attention Pay organization. an as yourself See
Einstein Albert - limits.” its has genius that is genius and stupidity between difference “The
amendment. 2nd the support Americans surprise. No legislation. gun new any be won’t There
PPVs. most sold which one in starred I then &amp; @WrestleMania hosted I expect. never would you opportunities new presents always Life
disaster. a Just payer. single into system health our changing towards step first the is Obamacare mistake no Make
message. the controlling of incapable are they that it’s message their not is @GOP with Problem
http://t.co/Vfias8bxlo interest’ ‘no of because citizenship pursue not do immigrants LEGAL Mexican of 2/3 @pewresearch to According
true! All headline.”-@DLoesch a becomes says he everything and TV on show rated top a got he’s Trump Donald about something “Here’s
advantage. his to ‘uniqueness’ his uses he But there. out little a is @THEGaryBusey contestant @ApprenticeNBC All-Star Yes
me! thank You’ll asap. property buy and advantage take can you If forever. market buyer’s a stay won’t It
http://t.co/ktIrMDOKzj marquee" Estate Menie for plans makes Trump "Donald Via @scotsmandotcom: Via
rules. the makes gold the has who He negotiating: of rule golden the Remember
warming? global to happened ever hell the What NYC. in freezing &amp; snowing It’s
win! you’ll and go I’ll time Next game. Mavs/Nets the to invite the for thanks picture Mark—nice .@mcuban
going! Great @IanRambally
great! it's - CNBC on minutes 5 in on Apprentice Celebrity
9. at tonight CNBC on Apprentice Celebrity
PM. 9 at @CNBC on tonight broadcast be will @CelebApprentice The
bankrupt... went never I so. not is it bankrupt went I saying stop Haters
advantage. corporate to laws the used have people business great other many like but ...
deals. better cut to order in times 4 laws bankruptcy the used have I transactions or deals of hundreds of out haters the For
tool... business a as laws bankruptcy the used has dealmaker major every Almost
bankrupt! went they says nobody others--but most and Apollo Kravis Icahn ...
deals... better make to order in bankruptcy into them put immediately &amp; deals buy People
tool. business used commonly a and effective very is It ...
Walters. Barbara ask mine—just all it’s not or it Like don’t. I know they when “wig” a wear I say always haters &amp; losers the do Why
Win! @MartinFagervik
Thanks. @RealHotwaffles
Christine. Birthday Happy @chrisr52
luck! Good @AFCHaywards @balloon_69
nice! Very @dcexaminer @miawesbrooks
thanks. and Great @ApprenticeNBC @MsCattitude1
Cheryl. Thanks @CelebApprentice @nbc @nycal821
selection! new now—beautiful Macy’s out check &amp; over go -- great doing are Success) fragrance (and suits &amp; ties shirts My
@ApprenticeNBC. on works she way the respect and slack some her cut should People strategic. and smart is @OMAROSA .
luck. good Thanks--and @theRealKiyosaki @iklemieux
surprise! a What http://t.co/4VV5VzpAvJ factual is @FoxNews while biased completely is @msnbc that reveals study Shocker:
Fame! of Hall the into inducted being to forward Looking away. weeks 3 than less XXIX @WrestleMania @WWE’s .
Birthday. Happy @t_thabane
end. the of beginning The sport? the to happening is What contact. as helmet using from carriers ball barred just has NFL The
fun... has everyone where atmosphere relaxing a creates associates business with golf “Playing
101 TRUMP – course.” golf a on closed are deals huge many so why That’s ...
thanks! nice Quite @DolehNYC
far! by Trump @bburt2367
Chester--unreal. @hardball_chris @ChesterStarr
great! goes…It's season the of rest the where wondering viewers leave will @ApprenticeNBC All-Star week’s this of finale Room Board
free. for out handed being is it if even paper the wants one No failing. is @dcexaminer the that hear to shame a It’s
you. Thank @FatmaEmadi
Jaynie. Thanks @jaynielea
Jason. Thanks @jcfields13
wishes. Best him. misses great--everybody was John @yokoono
do! will ratings good what amazing hours—it’s 2 to expanded being are episodes @CelebApprentice hour 1 all that announced just .@NBC
@kmbznews via http://t.co/gMk9tEBX7R @CPACnews” Apple on Takes Trump “Donald
Doral. National Trump at winning by himself) (and me rewarded He period. difficult his during @TigerWoods for strong remained I
Thanks! club. private #1 the Philadelphia Club Golf National Trump named just Pros” the to “According .@SouthJerseyMag
dumb! very very is he that understand finally people because rapidly shrinking is audience small very .@hardball_chris’
wishes. best and Yes @tinaclean
luck. good and Thanks @MandMpanelbeat
Chris! Hi @c_hanson800
Deal The of Art The much." worth be to going not it's it about know don't people if but world the in product best the have can "You
you! Thank @MarcPhelan
Wusong. Thanks @WusongTweet
Michael! Thanks @Mike_Hamilton69
David! Thanks @asiandave89
Seth! Thanks @THESethFriend
Metalchick! Thanks @Ashonair101
none! have I @mcuban @jrocco_96
thanks. and Emily--true @mcuban @emilyplacido
again! bullshit your start don't but me with okay Mark .@mcuban
opportunities. business create also can Passion fear. eliminates zeal their up; give don't people Passionate motivates. Passion
http://t.co/48iaCr3YSC tours." House White the for pay to offering by move the of silliness the expose helped Trump "Donald
@netanyahu. @IsraeliPM by IDF of Minister Defense Deputy offered being on @dannydanon MK @Likud_Party to Congratulations
step… next your plan and BIG THINK to time it’s then hate you job a in working office an in sitting you’re If
thanks. and Yes @HayesRutherford
Colby. Hi @CforColby
oil. its &amp; Iraq control soon will Iran alive. home returned not have finest nation’s our of 4485 began. war Iraq the today ago yrs 10
@GOP. at laughing is Republican.Obama vote will laws our broke who million 12 those of one Republicans.Not for suicide is Amnesty
donors. to excuses giving Just ideas. on Short election. the blew who consultants of class ruling the by written was report .@RNC
Champion a Like Think - quickly." think to learn to candidates the for is @ApprenticeNBC on lessons obvious most the of "One
players. his thru life live to trying non-athlete pathetic—a &amp; weak was referee—he the w/ had @mcuban fight the remember anyone Does
votes. deliver doesn’t who loser a She’s ’12. Huntsman &amp; ’08 McCain losing the for Chair Hispanic @ananavarro—Ntl have shows do Why
@mcuban! dopey than looking better much and richer far is Trump Donald but folks Sorry
Thanks. @jrkirk22
Anthony. Thanks @BeaumontAnthony
True! @__Jibz
Pope! be never I'll why That's @ilpostio
coming… bigger and More week. every and each viewers loyal our surprise to continues @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star
decision. wise a made just @OutFrontCNN CNN. on mornings to going be won’t @ErinBurnett that announced just was It
sense." "common old plain was said she what of Much @CPACnews. job great a did .@SarahPalinUSA
is. it way the that’s @MSNBC on money--and the need must he because only fan Obama liberal super a became .@hardball_chris
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/Bx39Mecqff Obamacare." of because doctors family their to access have longer no may "Americans
problems! got Zucker’s Jeff @OutFrontCNN her. liked people but smart never was CNBC—she at stayed have should .@ErinBurnett
day! any 787 @Boeing the over 757 @Boeing the take I’ll flight and beauty For
problem! a be always will batteries Those 787. the in batteries new the of rid get &amp; bullet the bite just should @Boeing think still l
http://t.co/2r9pAI8uI6 @ApprenticeNBC! week's this on back @ArsenioHall having great was It
http://t.co/qZh8pjzKgg 5PM of replay is which 7PM at @hardball_chris to loses even she pathetic so are ratings @OutFrontCNN .@ErinBurnett’s
http://t.co/A4lmkjmhmi tag" desi sport to venture India Trump’s Donald brand "Realty @businessline: Hindu The Via
Pope-like! not It’s bill. his pay to order in hotel a of desk) (front counter checkout the at standing Pope the seeing like don’t I
Washington. in leaders our with swimmingly works he why well)—that’s him know I guy(and dumb really a is .@hardball_chris
do... to planned he said operative his something address Trump’s of end the by capacity to filled room main the in crowd “The CPAC Re:
him.”@BreitbartNews after right spoke who McConnell help to ....
greats. the of one was Reagan Pres. commitment. business prior a to due Saturday last Dinner Reagan the headlining decline to sorry was I
show. Friday's in 3 Hour speech. CPAC my of anyone) of most (the bites audio separate 3 played .@rushlimbaugh
victory. Democratic ensure and immigration on weak Be
enough. tough enough—or conservative weren’t they because lost Republicans right—the is .@rushlimbaugh
game! or speed clubhead no has he weak physically is @mcuban But
Thanks! @dennizenx
Thanks! @Doyle5sMom
Thanks! @niecey911logan
True! @BillDaley1
mouth! big a with man weak a just He's punch. a of much have can't he tee the off short so is .@mcuban
OIL??????? IRAQ'S GET TO GOING IS WHO
so!). you told I (and dollars trillion 1.5 and lives of waste horrible a apart-such falling is country today.That Iraq over all Bombings
easy! so is he but correct are You @JackVoices
also! sucks basketball his and - tee the off short very is @mcuban
loser a Mark's talent. or power no with girl little a like swings @mcuban weekend. this including Championships Club 18 won I've match? Golf
Great! @KatySutherland6
dummy! up it blew just We @byoppjr
you! loved everybody - Apprentice Celebrity on night last fantastic were You @ArsenioHall
Thanks. @DavidMcClain328
close! even Not @roannasweet
losers! on picking like I But @bearmntn
Great! @borland_jim
Great! @kalevans
splat! went Mark and Benefactor The with that tried they Stupid @DonaldJChump
dopey! close even Not @roannasweet
you! Thank @Cleggermeister
him! at laugh players his - joke total a is he right are You @ReederJosh
lowlifes! beating love I because Dan @dan_kir96
Tanja! Thanks @HRdiva_NY
Thanks! @babyguts666
networks! other over hour o'clock 10 the won easily - great doing ratings Apprentice
Deal the of Art The – it.” without deals make don’t “Leverage:
instead! list Offender Sex NY to him Add delusional? also Weiner Anthony Is
Mayor... NYC for run can he if see to polling is Weiner Anthony deviant &amp; pervert Sexual
sharp. is James http://t.co/QHnym5AjPG @CPACnews loser biggest was @KarlRove why explaining @politico @jameshohmann by article Great
series. season the swept @okcthunder &amp; loss Sunday’s after seeds four top Conference’s Western the against 1-12 is .@dallasmavs
unprofessional! Really behavior? childish with @dallasmavs place 11TH &amp; 31-35 the embarrass to continue @mcuban does Why
http://t.co/gGM0aOLIZu Trump" Donald by Apprentice' Celebrity 'All-Star from fired Jackson Toya "La @realitytvworld: Via
wish? death a have @RNC the Does http://t.co/0kOuA0ttCJ reform.” immigration “comprehensive embracing for calls report @RNC New
opens. course new the until time more one it play &amp; out go I 1 April On @DoralResort. Trump at up torn being is Monster Blue The
@johnhawkinsrwn http://t.co/6s8AzXMjrp WH" Obama The w/ Dealings His About Story Inside Fascinating A Tells Trump "Donald .@TPNNtweets
it! made she Glad show. radio her on conference press @CPACnews my from audio great played .@DLoesch
@HuizingaDanny by http://t.co/4UsYbfzNYu Success'" About Enough Talk 'Didn't Romney CPAC: to Trump "Donald @WTCommunities: Via
necessary. if years for courts in up them tie will built—I not is monstrosity this if lucky so be will Scotland
market. changing a years-- coming in demands electricity falling for itself prepare to needed company the that stated CEO Vattenfall
difficulty. financial serious having is Scotland Aberdeen of coast the off windfarm asinine proposed a behind company the Vattenfall
@KilloughCNN by http://t.co/xY0H0Lw4mX CPAC” at tower right-leaning a Trump “TRENDING: @PoliticalTicker: Via
@MadeleineBlaze http://t.co/bBlm1jymlr MAN’" INTELLIGENT MORE MUCH A BE TO USED ‘HE RANT: BIRTHER MATTHEWS’ CHRIS AT BACK HITS “TRUMP
@NicholasBallasy by http://t.co/4y6IfSi4bn friends’" ‘local his not Republicans w/ golf should Obama Trump: "Donald @DailyCaller: Via
mistake. strategic a made @latoyajackson her. fire can’t I Room Board the in not is @OMAROSA If
@WSJVideo @WSJ's via http://t.co/jOr15wfw1X Back'" Momentum the Get to Have 'We CPAC: at "Trump
http://t.co/EbcgZeM7Kf @latoyajackson firing &amp; @RealBenCarson speech #CPAC2013 my deal budget a discussing interview @foxandfriends .
margin. 19% season-high a with NBC and CBS ABC among hour o’clock 10 the for #1 ranked Apprentice” Celebrity “All-Star
public. the to open is Tower Trump @trapasso2501 @Kevin_Johnson68
@elianayjohnson http://t.co/1kgJSU3kjH Rise” Judd’s Ashley for Politics’Responsible in Man Overrated ‘Most @KarlRove @NRO:“Trump Via
David! you seeing Great @TheBrodyFile by http://t.co/laDvR3t7DJ CPAC" at Trump Donald w/ Interview Backstage @CBNNews:"Exclusive: Via
#CelebApprentice zones. time different the to unfair be would specifics- boardroom on commenting be not will I
#CelebApprentice gift. a got He’s trying. without stealer scene a is @THEGaryBusey True
predictable. becoming she’s right is @Omarosa re .@DennisRodman
#CelebApprentice things. other certainly most and Mid-West” the of witch wicked “the called being points winning not is .@Omarosa
#CelebApprentice elegant. rather sounds Saboteur” “Ms. @DennisRodman: via name new .@Omarosa’s
#CelebApprentice yet. time” “show not it’s presentation—but Power’s Team on spin new a put has emergency .@Omarosa’s
#CelebApprentice surprised? we Are surprised? he witch”—is “conniving a is @Omarosa that @ArsenioHall informs .@latoyajackson
#CelebApprentice PC? bit a Being @BrandenRoderick. per toxic” bit a is “@OMAROSA
#CelebApprentice disrespectful? being is Who Disrespectful? @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson between lost love no There’s
#CelebApprentice Power. Team active very a like sounds participation audience cues Music
#CelebApprentice credential… a That’s Digest? Opera Soap of cover the on .@Omarosa
#CelebApprentice great. doing is and show own his have will he advisor— an as back @ArsenioHall welcome to happy And
#CelebApprentice B. Plan for news back—good is .@TraceAdkins
#CelebApprentice NYC. in you’re when visit to place great a is Media for Center Paley The
#CelebApprentice Center. Duncan Sue the charity Michael’s to $40000 for check a giving while … meltdown another has .@Omarosa
#CelebApprentice agree? you Do suit.” earth an in angel an am “I @TheGaryBusey: from line Great
#CelebApprentice performance… that for winner Oscar an be could she thinks @DennisRodman real? for it meltdown—was .@Omarosa’s
now! on going is what than exciting more much was Doral National Trump at tournament The
away! nothing give will I zones time other worry Don't re:@ApprenticeNBC. ET 9PM at starting tonight live tweeting be I'll
you! adore all We - GREATEST the are you Thanks - Annika @ANNIKA59
months! two not months six for were show Dateline the for ratings Best
disease. this from suffer women million Month-176 Awareness Endometriosis It's @DeViouSDoLL82
C.C. a win to easy golfers-never good very of Beach-lots Palm in Club Golf International Trump at Championship Club The won Just
January! since Dateline rated highest the was hosted I which Dateline weeks Last
EPISODE! GREAT - NBC on 9 at tonight Apprentice Celebrity watch to forget Don't
Woods to@Tiger CONGRATS years. seven in watched Monster-Most Blue Doral's National Trump at Championship Cadillac WGC for ratings Wow-Record
facts. The end! by packed and Thursday" on time same the at remarks than larger far crowd large a drew speech morning early "His Post Huff
truth! the about all it's - today speech my on accolades the of all for Thanks
lines! in-long people let to slow very was security and speech CPAC my during on going was Breakfast Prayer the that stated reporters Honest
fun! great was it - there be could I time only the was it and it wanted else nobody because CPAC at spot worst the take to agreed I
OFF! BETTER MUCH SO BE ALL WOULD WE - TRUTH THE TELL MEDIA THE CAN'T WHY
@BreitbartVideo via http://t.co/bVF89yZOFJ ECONOMY” GREAT A BUILD CPAC: TO “TRUMP
http://t.co/OD9NFMqbPd STUMPS... TRUMP @DRUDGE_REPORT: RT
@elisefoley by @HuffPostPol via http://t.co/O2JLKmoNnh People'" Stupid 'Very By Run Is U.S. Speech: CPAC Trump "Donald
@mboyle1 by http://t.co/oIDZHOQa6I SPEECH” CPAC ON ATTACKS MEDIA AGAINST BACK SMACKS TRUMP “EXCLUSIVE: @BreitbartNews: Via
@SethMcLaughlin1 by http://t.co/WdMLJcXZLL GOP" for mission’ ‘suicide a is reform Immigration Trump: Donald 2013: "CPAC
@Kredo0 by http://t.co/zDbXgxbI5R America" of state the on thoughts his gives magnate hotel and star TV CPAC: to Goes Donald "The
@gatewaypundit via http://t.co/WrBlcvnGlY (Video)” Behar Joy without Better be Will View The Trump: “Donald
@joelpollak by http://t.co/5yE8vD0HRq CARD'" CEILING DEBT THE 'PLAY REPUBLICANS: TO "TRUMP @BreitbartNews: Via
@HuffPostPol.... @politico @Newsmax_Media @PoliticalTicker read speech @CPACnews my of reporting accurate For
@gatewaypundit. &amp; @DRUDGE_REPORT @BreitbartNews ......@DailyCaller
hack. &amp; flunky Obama total A truth. the know to want doesn’t who reporter pathetic a such is @NYMag at @jheil
today...... me about report false totally a write @DanAmira flunky had @jheil reporter political rate 3rd @NYMag’s failing &amp; Boring
him. respect don’t I knows He .....
@NicholasBallasy by http://t.co/tug50QvUni conclave" Vatican like room a in up’ them ‘Lock Congress: and Obama on "Trump @DailyCaller: Via
http://t.co/M80DdoFJrF Politics’” in Man Over-rated Most ‘The @KarlRove “Trump: @Newsmax_Media: Via
lose. them watching loved just I night--- last game @dallasmavs the of minutes two last the watched I
reporters. professional very of lots excellent- was morning this speech CPAC after conference Press
it. enjoyed really I ovation. standing speaker--- first morning--- this well really went speech CPAC The
big. anything making of component major the are details because details more trigger automatically will you big think you When
Hamilton Alexander - will." his over power a to amounts subsistence man's a over power a nature human of course general the "In
people... stupid very some met who dope crude arrogant an He’s of. think can I person other any than persona TV less has .@mcuban
piece). a owned he which (of company @mcuban's bought people stupid ...Those
sucks! team the that of top on and him stand can’t partners @mcuban’s reason a There’s
http://t.co/pN2WpKYAIl him before budgets delivered Senate &amp; House time 1st the for &amp; years 2 over in budget a released hasn't Obama
early! there get to sure Make Ballroom. Potomac the outside 7:00AM at start @CPACnews my for lines - patriots fellow &amp; attendees CPAC
it! to forward look I CPAC2013. # at morning tomorrow expected crowd big Really
http://t.co/0aSXZajop1 West” the in ninth frustrating a finishing remains scenario likely “most @dallasmavs @espn: Via
“bombed!” totally it Benefactor The show own his had @mcuban When
show. that of part small a just is he Tank—but Shark named show ok on promote @mcuban dummy watching love I
http://t.co/1be8KyfHqM candidacy Judd's Ashley &amp; ads terrible @KarlRove's offer tour WH my discussing @AndreaTantaros w/ Interview
tv. on be shouldn't who guy a truly is This spot. weekend dead a to @WeGotEd downgrading in @MSNBC by move Good
Thanks. @trader_greg
Rick. Thanks @Yankees @RickStone1282
her! without better be will show The @theviewtv. from @JoyVBehar firing in decision great a made @BarbaraJWalters .
@DigitalSpyUS via http://t.co/LxiPL5mf2g truth'" the speak 'I feuds: celebrity explains Trump "Donald
him! love him know that People Church. Catholic the lead to I Francis Pope of selection the on friends Catholic my to Congratulations
good! Not Republicans! fellow their also &amp; slot speaking @CPACnews my of jealous are many be can politicians shallow how you show To
them. blame Can't Ballroom. Potomac the in 8:45AM tomorrow scheduled is which speech @CPACnews my with obsessed is corps press DC The
... tours” House White all cancel to decision on backtracks "Obama tours WH all fund to offer my after day 1 Wow--just
you!http://t.co/A6sq5ZhpE9 Thank this? for credit the get I Do ....
way. that talk don’t happened—I never It Leno. on night last Mar-a-Lago to visit a about story a up made @mcuban Dummy
Dennis. you Thank @dennisrodman
years! five great a on @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump to Congrats
jerk! a what - night last Leno Jay on Cuban Mark watched I
CNBC. on 9 at tonight rebroadcast be will Apprentice Celebrity
luck! good and Great @kevconnorsespn.
Touch Midas – why.” the with connect people because doing you’re what doing for reason good a have to have “You
impression. bad a leave only will thoughtlessness and planning poor to due time people’s other Wasting homework. your Do
economy with trust public on points 14 lost just has Obama poll WPOST-ABC new to According
gut! your with go to have you end the in diligence due all exhausting after But facts. the all need you decision any making In
winner. &amp; warrior a is Captain @Yankees shortstop. at back today game first his on Jeter Derek friend good my to luck of Best
helpful. be would Champion a Like Think and Deal the of Art The @AnnAmplf
@DoralResort Monster Blue "New" the at hole 18th the conquer will you doubt no have I that talented so and good so are You .@LukeDonald
everyone. see to wait Can’t honor. an Really announcement. my of day the sales ticket ever largest its had .@CPACnews
#OpenOurWH children? for open tours the keep and funds re-allocate WH the can’t Why budget. 2013 total of 2% than less is sequester The
#CPAC2013 early. there get you that asked has ACU Ballroom. Potomac the outside 7:00AM at start address @CPACnews my for Lines
prioritize! to how knows @CPACnews http://t.co/tmaQY6EUl0 Rubio" Marco than time CPAC more get to Trump "Donald @politico: Via
luck. him wish idea--I Good @heyavampirebat
job. great a doing they're Agreed @vcross8
offer. my take should WH be. to have Doesn’t tours. all closing by country the across from children punishing is WH the that sad It’s
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/SRmOzoijSW Tours" House White Foot to Offer Trump Spurns "Obama
Mary. Thanks @msmarjc
luck. good and Thanks @hrtbrknomore74
thanks. and Yes @karlbstumpf
wishes. best My @grantgphoto
http://t.co/DmUbLiVfxP to Donate @makeitvisible treatment need TBI/PTS from suffering #vets troops.Our our of lives the save Help
activation. government &amp; donations http://t.co/MQeWJcNir3 for website http://t.co/QLmCf48aWb to autism--go fight Help
http://t.co/QLmCf48aWb help: To them! like people more had we only job—if fantastic a does Wright Suzanne &amp; Bob by up head Speaks Autism
you! miss we - Paul Thanks @paulteutulsr.
Thanks! @Cpac @rantanrave
Great! @CPACnews @Peruvianmuse
luck. good Thanks--and @theRealKiyosaki @HammerleAmanda
Jeff. Thanks @JeffZephir
Big Think - it." at better be will you and harder try to going are you harder work to going are you do you what love you "If
running... about seriously thought she before even ads terrible Rove's Karl by created was candidacy Judd's Ashley
run. will probably she now and great look her made ads ...The
Jobs Steve - expected." is excellence where environment an to used aren't people Some quality. of yardstick a "Be
Touch Midas – business.” your than valuable more times many be can brand your not or it realize you “Whether
http://t.co/C3drLo8wCs Israel to trip his during Mount Temple the visit to not Obama Pres. warned has Hamas
Spence. Thanks @gllleymon900000
Wilson. Thanks @WilsonLeeFlores
it.” about tweeting am I hour. 10:00pm the in #1 are we again congratulations “Donald Burnett: Mark fabulous the from note A
networks. news cable &amp; CSPAN on live telecast be also Will Ballroom. Potomac the in 8:45AM at Friday scheduled is speech @CPACnews My
management! amazing under paper Great anniversary. year 25 its celebrating on @NewYorkObserver to Congratulations
views. her sharing from down back doesn’t &amp; presence great has Elizabeth @theviewtv. on staying be will @ehasselbeck hear to Glad
seasons! 13 after hot Still demographic. key every in slot 10PM Sunday the dominate to continues @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star
http://t.co/olxqYtp6Dz @KatrinoTrinko by CPAC" at Slots Speaking Longer Get Trump "Palin @NRO: Via
http://t.co/qRSqk5oF7F " Tours House White Fund to Offers "Trump Via@politicalwire:
http://t.co/YF8blvnFDn Tours" House White for Bill Foot He’ll Says "Trump @Newsmax_Media: Via
Einstein Albert - new." anything tried never mistake a made never who person "A
candidate. viable a her made already He away. @KarlRove Keep Judd: Ashley Re:
taxes! new No themselves. for speak policies his of Results Depression. the since Obama under recovery worst had has economy Our
Doral. National Trump to back you having to forward look We winner. true a are You weekend. this playing Great .@Graeme_McDowell
friends. many my see to wait Can't etc. jobs stress Will 8:30. at morning Friday this @CPACnews address my to forward looking Really
work. for looking up gave &amp; force work the of out dropped have Americans 296000 numbers employment new to According
surprise. No disaster. a was SOD as trip 1st Hagel's attacks Taliban &amp; swap prisoner mishandled conference press terrible a Between
touch. in keeping to forward Look choice. other any me leave not did he - understood He winner! total a &amp; guy great a is @deesnider .
with. work to pleasure a been have You you! Thank Brande-- @BrandenRoderick
#Trump @DoralResort Doral. National Trump at him have to honored were we and champion great a truly is He @TigerWoods To
Thoreau them. under foundations the put Now be. should they where is that lost; be not need work your air the in castles built have you If
http://t.co/0O5h4FUFVU CPAC and offer tour WH my @CadillacChamp 's @DoralResort Trump at victory Tiger’s re: int. @foxandfriends My
demographics. major all in hour o’clock 10 the won easily and slot time its in night last TV network on #1 was .@CelebApprentice
1961 January Address Inaugural Kennedy F. negotiate.--John to fear never us let but fear of out negotiate never us Let
out. on here from happens what or on going what's or members team the discuss can't I boardroom. in back now is team losing The
think? you do What it? change I hair-Should my Re
before. way this him seen never have I animated. this-very into really is Dennis true... It's
favorite? your is team Which
all? smart...or or tough Nasty Omarosa: Re
distraction? a is 'adorable' while Gary that Marilu with agree anyone Does
presentation. &amp; concept her loved execs the that confident very is Omarosa
confused? somebody fail....is to Omarosa by up set being she's says she Next
met? she's people nicest the of one is Omarosa saying is LaToya What?!
wars...yet. No together. well working be to seem teams the whole the On
out. it work can He Hat? the in Cat the as Gary
f-u-n? of definition Gary's of think you do What
work. tremendous their for team his and Trace to grateful be must Cross Red American NYC: in hospital to check delivers Trace
front. the from you at come backstab-she'll won't she Omarosa: Honest
assignment? task experience photo interactive this in edge the has think you do team Which
that. on agree teams the think incredible-I is 757 My
expected. not is sailing Smooth PM? as Omarosa withstand to able be Power Team Will
Trace? miss B Plan Will
mind. to seem doesn't Omarosa me-but for one tough a was Bret Firing
drama... high delivers and promises always Omarosa
charities. for season good a like Looks $. of amount amazing an raised team his and Trace
Omarosa. and Piers between lost love no definitely There's
go... get the from back his on target a had Bret
cast! great a got week-we've last episode some was That
ET. 9PM at tonight @ApprenticeNBC the during tweeting live be will I
shortly. off tee will Tiger now right Doral Trump at I'm
NOTHING! Korea???? North against protection for U.S. the paying Korea South is much How
day. single every alert and persistent Be change. to picture the for prepared be but picture big the Get
faith. of opposite exact the is fear that Realize boss? the Who’s problems. your than bigger be to Resolve
@CPACnews via http://t.co/mzmSh6VZFQ 2013” CPAC ADDRESS TO TRUMP DONALD ANNOUNCES “ACU
espionage? for pay them make ever we will When http://t.co/e3MjOud1mU R&amp;D our stealing NASA throughout spies has China – Surprise
luck. Good @Ziggi92
http://t.co/2pka1VmdBz @GolfChannel @nbc's at here board leadership @CadillacChamp WGC @DoralResort’s Trump Follow
Tournament. this Love leaderboard. a of hell one have @DoralResort guys You @DonaldJTrumpJr @gem3wood: RT Thanks! @DoralResort: RT
Touch. Midas Read focus. your Keep effort. group a initially not is entrepreneur an alone--being it go to prepared Be @axelpals
@DoralResort http://t.co/fUZujcYRsn Spa" &amp; Resort Golf Doral to luxury bring to aims Trump "Donald @MiamiHerald: Via
surprises! and fireworks of round another for EST 9PM at Sunday this @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star to in tune to sure Make
Big Think – realistic.” be but big Think goals. your to comes it when enthusiastic as well as patient be to have “You
there. all passion...it's &amp; technique Concentrationassessment skills. business your improve to way great a is &amp; game brain a is Golf
luck! Good @melpoluk
Hallmar. Hi @Hallmarr
Agree--thanks! @CelebApprentice @JAW44444
Becky. Thanks @SavvY_PriNceSS
Great @melpoluk.
#CPAC13 @CPACnews http://t.co/j4k5gEnPd0 CPAC” at Speak to “Trump @Newsmax_Media: Via
#TrumpDoral @DoralResort @CadillacChamp http://t.co/DZdvB95ztF walk-off” the with Woods Tiger was it year “Last @USATODAYsports: Via
@DoralResort http://t.co/LaGlNjAuID here: available is board leadership @CadillacChamp WGC The
@CadillacChamp http://t.co/zck6hlt2Tn @DoralResort” at watch to guys are Kuchar Matt and McIlroy Rory Trump “Donald @si_golf: Via
Touch Midas – product.” the with along goes that print fine or words the than more speaks and important is “Image
capacity. that develop &amp; utilize to power your in everything Use step. 1st the = Think credo: Big Think my in word first the Notice
trouble. &amp; time of lot a save can This see?" to not pretending I am "What question: this yourself ask then bases your Cover Decisions: Re:
luck. good &amp; choice good Thanks @a123r7o
goal. Good @SMK4ye
remember. to thing Good @PabloRaffaele
Brad. Thanks @CadillacChamp @GolfChannel @nbc @DoralResort @brad_mcmichael
CPAC" at speak to asked Trump after roof the through go sales "Ticket - Wow - .@morning_joe
luck! Good @kstan500.
Great! @joelalbright1.
Thanks. @sadatDM.
Champ! Cadillac WGC The in compete players great other the of all and Rory Ernie Phil Tiger watch and Miami Doral National Trump to Go
television. on him watch I when Heilemann John reporter dummy for sorry so feel I but why know don't I
mess! sad and nervous a explode-he's to waiting timebomb a like looks joe on@morning be to begging reporter lightweight the Heilemann John
@CadillacChamp @GolfChannel @nbc's via http://t.co/OCGx6P1Afv @DoralResort" improving for plans big has "Trump
enjoy! hear to Good @lovitt_marisa
Raul. Thanks @Raul_Esquire
you. Thank @rcmillershow
Jessica. Thanks @jlynn_12
luck! good subject Good @xo_deannayoung
http://t.co/qM7Zpaias2 @DoralResort Trump in invested renovations future of $200M my &amp; @CadillacChamp re: @nbc6 w/ interview My
everyone! to luck Good @CadillacChamp. the for @DoralResort Trump at friends new many so making great been It’s
watches! @marklevinshow sure Make @ApprenticeNBC. Celebrity All-Star of premiere the enjoyed you hope .@somelikeitlar
@michaelpleahy by http://t.co/8SuOqD2sQ6 CPAC" AT SPEAK TO TRUMP "DONALD @biggovt: @BreitbartNews Via
awesome! more times hundred a like became just conference This #CPAC2013? at speaking is @realDonaldTrump WHAT?! @MollyCBraswell: RT
@BKleinGolfweek by http://t.co/knonn3fjPA Doral" for vision big has Trump makeover: "Major @GolfweekMag: Via
@AP by http://t.co/Vjhtx9CXjZ WGC-@CadillacChamp" after @DoralResort up' 'blowing "Trump @FOXSports: Via
@nbc much! so me likes NBC wonder ratings—no the in households in high season a set just truly yours featuring NBC Dateline
going. it keep and going-- momentum your Get nowhere. to ideas of best the lead can that energy of lack a there’s momentum Without
ass! my kiss to Miller Mac platinum—tell went “DonaldTrump” song @MacMiller’s that announced just was It
be to needs foundation the deeper the building the bigger The first. comes foundation skyscraper-the a building like is brand a Building
visit. to sure fantastic--be be will It @CrewSawyer
luck. of best the him wish I @homeedmam
http://t.co/DtCbF2iWsl! at today tickets Get #CPAC2013! at speaker featured a be will @realDonaldTrump Announces ACU @CPACnews: RT
@RGreggKeller @AlCardenasACU @CPACnews http://t.co/j9CIc54ZuU @rachelweinerwp CPAC"by at speak will Trump @washingtonpost:"Donald Via
America. for good what's about all are They 2013. CPAC at speaking be to honor great my is It
Michael. Thanks @Mike_Kelly1
luck. good and Evan Thanks @TheEvanGruver
purpose. of sense a and self of sense a having of part It’s day. every and each yourself of image an promote to important It’s
Billionaire a Like Think – others.” and yourself of – observer an being at work and behavior your monitor meeting a at you’re “When
http://t.co/3HrWoG6Im9 Doral. National Trump at myself and Els Ernie
Tiffany. Birthday Happy @Zak_Bagans @joshduhamel @paulwesley @iansomerhalder @wrightmomof3
yourselves! for see &amp; Thursday amazing.Come is place This players. great the all to hello saying Doral National Trump at arrived Just
industry. your in failures and success of history the studying through is learn to way best The Knowledge: of Formula The
problem. a never is motivation doing you're what love you If @kennybud
visit. to sure Be fantastic! be will It @LaurieRobertson
deal. the make to desperate seem is negotiation a in do can you thing worst Remember--the
Thanks. play. to course beautiful a it's agree I @scheekster
luck. good and Sven Thanks @SvenIsaksson
Doral. National Trump at weekend this watch to fun be will Ernie and Phil Tiger Rory
week all there be I’ll Thursday. on Championship Cadillac the of start the to prior progress the check to Doral National Trump to Heading
http://t.co/hWRVkgUDC1 (cont) current the than job better a do would Rodman Dennis tweet previous Despite
http://t.co/TJe9xzadbz (cont) &amp; funny my took they is press the of some dishonest how you show To
mistake! big a considered be also could which O chose Bret remember go should Omarosa saying and Bret defending you of those For
Birthday. Happy a have will you Matt--Hope @M_Sallis
Mary. Thanks @MaryFallacaro
#CelebApprenticeMVP. hashtag the by followed name celebrity’s the using MVP for pick your tweet should You 3.
charity… her or his to donation extra an gets ET noon Tuesday by totals highest the with celebrity The 2.
Twitter…... using @CelebApprentice celebrities the among MVP an choose can audience the you week Each 1.
Big Think – pressure.” handle to able be to have you life in anything at successful be to want you “If
you. Thank @misskhan
leaders. our of fear no have they - Outrageous http://t.co/e9ZE2OrLqn war currency a for prepared” “fully is it announced has China
http://t.co/JSpPvHtnmn hotel" Aberdeenshire new his of image first reveals Trump "Donald @STVAberdeen: Via
group. age 25-54 the in adults with period time pm 9-11 the in program #1 the as ranked @CelebApprentice Additionally
group. age 18-49 the importantly most including demographics ratings key all in hour o’clock 10-11 wins .@CelebApprentice
Beach. Palm of jewel crown the is It @datelinenbc. on night last Mar-a-Lago see could everyone Glad
http://t.co/yoeoJCJ4Rn politics &amp; @ApprenticeNBC All-Star of premiere the on @bretmichaels firing re: interview @foxandfriends My
Thanks! @foyt4timewinner.
boardroom. the to Omarosa bringing not in smart also was ...Brande
little... very raised hand other the on Bret sum. large really a $132000 raise didn't she if immediately fired been have would Brande
morning. this A.M. 7 at Friends and Fox doing be will I
#CelebApprentice done? have you would What decision? my of think you did what So
#CelebApprentice me. defends constantly she because @OMAROSA like always I'll
#CelebApprentice game.” the play to how know “I because show the won he right- is .@PiersMorgan
#CelebApprentice beauty. and glamour of days the from star movie a like looks .@IvankaTrump
#CelebApprentice airs. it after until of there indication any give or fired was who tweet to going not are we etc. Coast West worry Don't
#CelebApprentice show. the on good always is Teutul Paul
#CelebApprentice @THEGaryBusey. by impressed is @PiersMorgan Even
#CelebApprentice @BrandenRoderick. by mistake big a cashier- a as .@OMAROSA
#CelebApprentice terrific. is show Their people. wonderful both are .@KellyandMichael
#CelebApprentice Korea. North of thinking be must .@DennisRodman
#CelebApprentice different. definitely is .@THEGaryBusey
#CelebApprentice other. each hate really @OMAROSA and .@PiersMorgan
#CelebApprentice advisors. wonderful be will @PiersMorgan and .@IvankaTrump
#CelebApprentice handle. to hard is She choice! first his as @OMAROSA choose would he believe can’t I
http://t.co/7LtrUa2JMh but... him with disagree I competitor. a as back coming in mistake a making was @BretMichaels believed always I
#CelebApprentice Lisa. move Good lips. reduced her with better looks .@LisaRinna
#CelebApprentice challenge. the to up is @OMAROSA like Looks
#CelebApprentice amazing. Pretty you? to look cast this does How
succeed! still can tweets-you my out checking and Apprentice watching from learn can are you as dumb and low as you haterseven and Losers
learn. will you that hope the in people productive and great many the with along Apprentice Celebrity watch to invited are haters and Losers
P.M. 8 at Apprentice to prior just Dateline hosting be will Also P.M. 9 at Apprentice Celebrity the during tweeting live be will I
soon! both you see - it like will you - Gail and Allen @AllenWronowski.
9. at tonight Apprentice Celebrity on be will he - Rodman Dennis to talk and see to wants Everybody
Thanks! @Dattan78.
advice! Great @jennyfromnexus.
John! thanks and True @JBoyle007.
close? magazine boring this will When hatred. of lots - false Totally Magazine. Esquire dead) (or dying the in me about article bad Really
Thanks. @splinter48708.
Rich. Thanks @RichDeLeo.
Matt. Thanks @juicetucker.
Janise! Thanks @Peace_Janise.
Thanks. @MathemagicianUK.
soldier! little good a like me follows he that like still I but - hear I as dumb as Jackson Chris Is
Vincent! Thanks @vin7768.
Irv! words nice the for Thanks @BILLIONIRV.
U.S. the in best the be soon will Doral Kevin.Trump Thanks @KHarmDD59.
Thanks. @lmward7.
Thanks! @scottybuoy13.
canned! is Bill dopey until DROP@HBO ABC. by fired was and Center Trade World the down took who animals the praised Maher Bill Remember
GREAT! @dgibson120.
@jostephan
yourself! about good feel and now going Get Maher! Bill dummy life low fire they until HBO cancel should Everyone
true)! (and nice very - you Thank @K9Koda.
commercial! oil in C. Hugo and Venezuela by used being really is Kennedy Joseph
http://t.co/gwnxAHzIDa action.. nasty and mean of plenty promises @realDonaldTrump fans! @ApprenticeNBC ready Get @TODAY_Clicker: RT
enjoy. Kayla Thanks @Bittersweet008
--Michelangelo all. at wonderful so seem wouldn't it mastery my get to worked I hard how knew people If
@CelebApprentice! in out punches no leaves She Boardroom. the in table the of side other the on being loves @Joan_Rivers Champion
Big Think – pass.” will It road. the in bump a just is It happens. bad something when even confident “Stay
Rose. Thanks @realRoseIzzo
@CelebApprentice... All-Star to returns @bretmichaels compete? to return would champion @ApprenticeNBC an that thought have would Who
Woodward. Bob attacking with away get can WH Obama the Only
@BreitbartNews on. lives still legacy &amp; mission Andrew’s passing. @AndrewBreitbart’s of anniversary year one the marks Today
disappointed! be won't fans Lisa's @CelebApprentice. All-Star of season 13th the to returns @lisarinna demand popular to Due
first. US the Rebuild quick. &amp; hard in go we in back go to have we If lives. wasted more No immediately. Afghanistan leave should We
Party. Tea the blame just you Then @KarlRove. you’re Unless deliver. will know people brand a building on built is success Continued
legend! a is Dennis @CelebApprentice. All-Star in competitor different completely a is @dennisrodman diplomat minted Newly
me! likes @nbc @CelebApprentice All-Star of premiere the before right 8PM at @datelinenbc on featured also am I Sunday this Remember
@BW via http://t.co/k8fXpzG546 boardroom" 'Apprentice' the to returns Trump "Donald
enjoy! Thanks @FashionFindsbyR
surprises. big some for up yourself setting you're doing you're what of aspect every know don't you If details. to attention Pay
nice)! (not lose opponents my see to love I cancelled. just was Apprentice the of knockoff 16th. the CBS on Job" "The that happy am I
@saphoros
P.M.). 9 (Sunday Apprentice Celebrity during tweeting live be will I request popular By
Matthew! Thanks
people! wrong the at looking are they - CNN around turn to road tough and long a be to going is It
way". "no say should @CNN slot. morning the to move to money more wants now time prime in CNN on ratings no has who Burnett Erin
nice. so - you Thank
luck. good and Rob Thanks @MyStudentApt
Pam. work Good @pammygb
you. Thank @osaFoLmiK
Jacqueline. Thanks @JackieHearns
Emerson Waldo trail.--Ralph a leave and path no is there where instead go lead may path the where go not Do
http://t.co/YEPSWFPm6l bomb time ticking a is economy its labor cheap &amp; manipulation currency espionage corporate on built is China As
win. will you and you against ad an run to @KarlRove Get lose? should you race a in running Democrat a you Are
you. Thank @JediJerad
Tessa. Thanks @TessaHartmann
reunion… happy no it’s say just Let’s again! it at go @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA see you until fireworks seen haven’t You
@accesshollywood via http://t.co/a5JyhZJ3ux Tweet" In 'Racist' Unchained Django Called He Why Explains Trump "Donald
together. well exceptionally work to have it surrounding people the build to brand a for that discovered I've years the Over
it! deserve you now it make can you If losers. the from winners the separate will it that is depression Obama the of aspect good One
luck. &amp; success find will u it love &amp; hard work u if overnight.But come doesn’t luck easy.Good was success said ever one no Remember
Watch. @CelebApprentice. All-Star of season 13th record the in performance @StephenBaldwin7’s of proud very am I
insane! more even is Gary time this warned Be @CelebApprentice. All-Star to return @THEGaryBusey’s for excited is Everyone
it. of proud I'm on. early event the supported I how explains interview My @netflix. on WrestleMania” of History “The watch to sure Be
@HuffPostTV via http://t.co/SszvLZfDN6 Apprentice'" Celebrity 'All-Star For Returns Trump "Donald
http://t.co/tnIEsOtng5 boardroom" 'Apprentice' the to returns Trump "Donald @AP: Via
hard. Swing @allanlarson
Johnson H. John - persistent.” and creative be must one succeed “To
Touch Midas – application.” and attention full-time requires best the "Being
M. Thanks @CadillacChamp @ESPNGolf @MWiggans
thanks. nice Wow--very @generalsam1971
luck. good and Thanks @Looayg
you. Thank @AdrianaStuijt
76 Sikorsky @DeannaSpillyard
close! even Wrong--not @ApprenticeNBC @mena_le
True! @NYMag
Gaby. Thanks @MissCastilloH
True! @KenBroadwater
father. my Mostly @EricGBassett
@nbc on EST PM 9 at 3rd March Sunday This @BiggLogz
months. 7 @JTBone97
argument. the of side that understand fully I @Pontifex @NattilyAttired
NYC. enjoy &amp; Birthday Happy @JTDixon_Inker
Birthday. Happy @misskhan
http://t.co/HgtY00PY4Q Sunday... premieres @ApprenticeNBC All-Star back! are favorites your of rest the and @StephenBaldwin7 .@DeeSnider
http://t.co/pjMVG50pXv @TrumpTowerNY.... at today earlier @ApprenticeNBC All-Star for event press a at me and .@StephenBaldwin7
history! political in worst the are ads Rove’s Karl
her. about talking is everybody hot—now Judd Ashley made ad stupid Rove’s Karl
get? we can stupid her—unreal!—how given has he attention the all for Rove Karl thanked just has Judd Ashley
fast... and Rove Karl jinxed of rid get better he’d election his win to wants McConnell Mitch If
Mitch! careful Be candidate. credible totally a Judd Ashley made has campaign ad Rove’s ...
away... blow --totally Stern Howard by shown as seasons-- 12 after Apprentice the of Ratings Nielsen the that mentions nobody come How
silence! now—dead in—and came numbers the until me on hitting was Everyone Tank. Shark of ratings the ...
Davis. Thanks @finger_slinger
that. said have people Many @clstromgren
much! Not @macy @GoAngelo @JustKieffer
Thanks. @macy @GoAngelo @Obomination1
problem? the Where’s 2%. than less outlays the of pittance a is sequester The year. this $3.8T over spend will government The
checks?!' background ‘universal for pushing is people all of Obama President that ironic it Isn’t
Thanks. @ApprenticeNBC @WetzelDrake
Ed. Thanks @ed_the_honest
True! @stacihogan
will. I @nal53199
none. is There @CraryJohn
Interesting. @TexasBlingMom
thanks. and True @marissamayer @BrooksStephen
Fantastic. @kat3500
Excellent. @marissamayer @sdcrane
Scott. Thanks @scotty752
Thanks. @lynk339
Pathetic. http://t.co/suADjO8dm0 Obama to cuts sequester the on authority all give to want they Now @GOP? the with wrong is What
SOD. as in voted being Hagel Chuck celebrated All China. &amp; Iran House White w/the yesterday breakthrough diplomatic major a was There
http://t.co/ASKmlsjaOL here: available Tickets there! be I'll golf-tournament. premiere Florida’s is @cadillacchamp Doral's Trump The
http://t.co/utHv15BhYN @CelebApprentice All-Star in competition fierce the discussing @IvankaTrump with interview show @todayshow My
http://t.co/AeL7q5uNL3! @CelebApprentice All-Star &amp; bangs @MichelleObama's discussing @WendyShow on @WendyWilliams w/ interview My
http://t.co/2mIN4GnTIX Fame" of Hall WWE for announced Trump "Donald @WWE: Via
away! week one is @cadillacchamp Doral's Trump @ESPNGolf. via http://t.co/oQacXJR2oL Doral" for plan $200M Trump: "Donald Flashback:
today. them from press good some got actually I @Salon? there over ok everything Is
Scotland. destroy not will he Hopefully @RyanTheDee
luck. good and Thanks @TheRealChosen1
Guide. Travel Forbes from restaurant and hotel for ratings five-star won Just Great! @ialia
recover. will but mistake a Made @emanaydin
thanks. and Yes @pfgabriel
architect! Great @Thomasbrennan01
myself. question that ask often I @BrianSchnitzler
thanks. and True @Lifelongcane
@CelebApprentice! upcoming the in side competitive &amp; tough her see you until wait But @TheRealMarilu. darling TV’s loves Everyone
http://t.co/7TkGkF0Up9 @CelebApprentice All-Star of season new the discussing @jimmyfallon with interview @LateNightJimmy My
@Salon via Apprentice'"http://t.co/ozoAePwPeL 'Celebrity and tweet Wayne Lil addresses Trump Donald clip: morning "Must-see
wonderful! is Barbara Monday. coming this @theviewtv on back be will and recovered fully has @BarbaraJWalters - news Great
http://t.co/wI4TsEQDpE Apprentice'" 'Celebrity nasty' and mean and 'tough promises Trump "Donald @TODAY_Clicker: Via
church... the hurts it him hurts It out. it lived have should resigned—he have not should Pope The
great! as down go never will He wrong. seriously is something says ...and
http://t.co/6EI29eLGmn morning. this @todayshow the at me and .@IvankaTrump
@LateNightJimmy... of set the left I when guy wise a by yesterday bombed photo Was
back. in guy the saw never fan biggest the was he said picture- for asked front in …..Guy
contest! no win I @mcuban @amize_
Thoreau David --Henry imagined." have you life the Live dreams. your of direction the in confidently "Go
think! you what know me let &amp; it Try longest. the lasts &amp; scent best the is “Success” fragrance my that commented have people Many
fantastic. is will--thanks--"Success" I @HvrhRump
Terry. Thanks @ApprenticeNBC @pga4terry
Tank. Shark like Friday on leftovers the put usually They @LexiArri @Swift_Vic
terrific! is Amy @scherroe
True! @RedCross @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins @jtalboy
nice. Thanks--very @ForQ2 @GjelajG
twitter! your via out Laura--found Thanks @IngrahamAngle
Kim. Thanks @seehorse72
EST PM 9 at @NBC on 3rd March Sunday @Thomasblack2013
effective! more much be would 11—it of instead people 12 getting try @Macy’s rally a have you time next .@GoAngelo—the
Bryon. Thanks @bkfViking123
honor--thanks. great a what Wow @KyMdeLange
Apprentice! re. Michael and to@Kelly over Heading
great! He's @RedCross @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins @Trish3D
fantastic! is Vince @WWE @pzpower
ENJOY! Ivanka. with Show Today The doing Now time. Show-great Stern Howard did Just
@KarsynSharp
@JaylonSeales
thanks. and Great @HoppMar.
A.M. 8.00 at Show Today the and A.M. 6.45 at Stern Howard on be Will
tonight! ratings great gets Fallon Jimmy bet I'll
on! I'm - tonight great be will show Fallon Jimmy
race-pathetic! a win didn't and 000 000 $400 spent Rove time. of waste total show-a his on Rove Karl putting keep O'Reilly Bill does@ Why
tonight. Fallon Jimmy On
happen! will him--which fires @hbo before up pays he hope I charity. for $5M me owes still @billmaher Dopey
disaster! a are turbines Wind @preewbrfu1
Bryan. Thanks @BryanTash
Great! @austinroneil @LefteyDowns
#WGCDoral attendees. the meet to wait Can’t 3.6.-3.10. week next Doral Trump at @CadillacChamp the to forward Looking
him. attacking is @listverse to according celebrity” ugliest 4th “the rated sadly @cher if right something doing be must .@tedcruz
orders. Obama’s following Just either. Hagel want don’t They Senators. Democrat the for bad feel to have You
peril! own their at this do They Party. Tea the for respect no have @KarlRove like losers of class consultant @GOP ruling The
Steinbrenner George - country?" this in out speak you Don't out? speak I shouldn't why "But
http://t.co/Uw4i68Iaxt hands... Tank Shark beats Apprentice The ratings. the in Tank Shark and @ApprenticeNBC between comparison no is There
Big! @nbc. on 9PM at Sunday this in tune to sure Be premieres. @CelebApprentice All-Star of season 13th the until days more few a Just
@eonline via http://t.co/jTKC39NjjA 'Tacky'..." Set 'Boring' Ceremony 'Racist' Django Oscars: Reviews Trump "Donald
up. give never and focus work your about passionate Be @GjelajG
great! is Trace @RedCross for Competing @CelebApprentice. All-Star to returns @TraceAdkins star music Country
tonight. ratings high get will he know we Now @jimmyfallon. with time good a have Always tonight. @LateNightJimmy on be will I
ratings... highest time all the have I and McMahon Vince that is Fame of Hall @WWE the into inducted was I assume I reasons the of One
day! wild a was It Detroit. in Billionaires” the of “Battle with records view per pay and ...
6... April on place take will This Fame. of Hall @WWE the into inducted be to me for honor great a is It
Wrestlemania. Stadium MetLife at people 80000 with ceremony a by followed Garden Square Madison at ...
Macy's- at links cuff and shirts ties my of aware really now are people Angelo Go Thanks
"Success"! fragrance the mention to forgetting keep .....you
Macy's.... re: me attacking hopelessly time his spends life- a have doesn't who Angelo Go job whack certain A
guy! nice a is he sure I'm event any In assistance. on is or job a has Angelo if wonder I .....
group... a as together working as cohesivness same the have never can they home at working are employees When
maybe). job second (a doing they’re what knows hell the who home at they’re if Also ...
home. at work to employees of right the away take to @marissamayer for courage great took It hands. good in is Yahoo that know I Now
@HuffPostSmBiz via http://t.co/1SPTPRyFcT Home" From Work Not Should Employees Right; Are Mayer Marissa Yahoo Trump: "Donald
http://t.co/DZp3qyeSbZ Fame” of Hall WWE into Inducted Be to Trump “Donald @BleacherReport: Via
http://t.co/TjYgctD0IR Fame" of Hall WWE into inducted be to Trump @MiamiHerald:"Donald Via
Michelangelo - accomplish." can I than more desire always may I that grant "Lord
:) entrepreneur. young this encourage Helping quotes. inspirational the all for Thanks @realDonaldTrump @austinroneil: RT
Touch Midas - it." achieving on focus you until achieve can you what know never You high. aim and sights your "Set
Thanks. @NewYorkATM.
Thanks. @Keval_Camden.
Thanks. @DeasWorld.
Thanks. @RockShannon108.
Great! @reidtruuu.
honor! My @teaparty321.
No! @mike121z.
us. at laughing is China late! too is it and country our steal they before rate exchange China's address better States United The
Thanks. @RamiroDamil.
thanks. but No @whalinn5.
thanks. and Interesting @Jorkellett.
Thanks. @MJGrilliot.
Thanks. @turrizal.
Thanks. @TheOnlyCdorsey.
ratings! V. T. the in week for show one number been has which Apprentice the to compared filler night Friday dead a is Tank Shark
Thanks. @paul1994loan.
David. Thanks @David18Graham.
http://t.co/M17OakYuSx @MSGnyc- at 4/6/13 -- honor great a Fame-- of Hall @WWE the into inducted being I'm that informed just was I Wow
http://t.co/RhGNVk4O9r innovate: we as us enterprise.Join free of party the is board.GOP on is @realDonaldTrump hear to Good @NRCC: RT
secrets... corporate our stealing &amp; http://t.co/G6tW5gSKti Texas in fields gas buying is China
http://t.co/Rl6qWCtQZi farms wind buying is doing them stopping about concerned is Obama all &amp; ...
joke! a What http://t.co/Rl6qWCtQZi windfarms – America in something buying from Chinese the stopping finally is Obama
Sad! spending?! of days 2 than less for cuts find can’t It day. a $50B over spends government The terrible. are leaders Our
Big! @nbc. on EST 9PM at 3rd March Sunday this premieres @ApprenticeNBC All-Star of season 13th The on. is countdown The
future. children's our ruining are leaders Our budget. spending deficit record $3.5T Obama's of 2% just is sequester $85B The
http://t.co/JIqUIuQE09 increase tax no promised &amp; sequestration for pushed Obama how explaining Woodward Bob by column read Must
fighting? they aren’t Why back. answer never they and Republicans the excoriating speeches making is Obama
http://t.co/waUqC4zO8R Unchained" Django 'Racist' Blasts Oscars 'Boring' 'Tacky' Trashes Trump "Donald @Mediaite: Via
@theblaze via http://t.co/hd3C9kEOUy OSCARS" THE BLASTS TRUMP "DONALD
http://t.co/afsPIhiTrj 2016 in over taking &amp; us playing China DC in leadership of failure sequestration the re: @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/qErq7ascac election 2016 &amp; debt national $17T our necessary are cuts sequestration the why discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/Ua77Mg90d5 Enough’" Far Go Don’t Cuts Sequester @gretawire: to "Trump @Mediaite: Via
Thanks. @JMarkTiller
point. question/good good Thanks @RPMNANA
Thanks. @bethosborne14
will. I @JUrciuoli19
why! is question big Thanks--the @anchantra
job! great a doing is She home. at working vs. workplace the to come to employees Yahoo expect to right is .@MarissaMayer
me..... to attention his turned has campaigns nonsense with celebrities successful down take to trying is career whole whose individual An
career. new a on focus to energy his use and Deal the of Art The read should He so. doing at failure complete a been has he far ...So
them! stand can’t he is thing funny amazing—the is it that Obama for tank the in so is media The
it! for nothing absolutely got Republicans the because taxes raise to agreed have never should like I who Boehner John Speaker
tool... business a as laws bankruptcy the used has dealmaker major every Almost
deals.. better make to order in bankruptcy into them put immediately &amp; deals buy People
tool. business used commonly &amp; effective very a is It ....
Roxanne. Thanks @RoxanneQuintana
luck. good and hard Mikey--work Hi @dynomike3
luck! good and Thanks @jaderomaine
good! Very @JUrciuoli19
hate. just &amp; credibility no have they because reading stop wig a wear I say morons the of one Whenever
Walters. Barbara ask mine—just all it’s not or it Like don’t. I know they when “wig” a wear I say always haters &amp; losers do Why
night? last bangs Obama’s Michelle like you did How
show... Shatner William the called been have should It winner. any than airtime more had Shatner William night Last
best. at average very were Awards Academy the ...Overall
Great. @FL_RichieRich.
thanks. and Great @Arjuwan.
thanks. - April In @5thmcfly.
seven. at morning this Friends and Fox doing be I'll
night! good - this of enough had I've
great! look Douglas Michael and Fonda Jane
beauty? and glamour the is where - boring really is broadcast Oscar The
mine)! all (it's wig a wear don't and bankrupt went never I Sorry
winner! good a is Hathaway Anne
Scott. Thanks @ScottFlakne.
that! like sounded never Lincoln
easy. Not Goldfinger! singing job good very a did B Shirley
set! tacky Very
sucked! it seen ever have I movie racist most the is Unchained Django
Tonys. the of opening the like right-more are You
bit! little a even opening the like don't I
far? so Oscars and Seth like you do How
Oscars! the with go we Here
Alex. Thanks @alexleiser33.
Thanks. @MKasun.
Daytona! winning on guy great a @JimmieJohnson to Congrats
Timmy;thanks.. wow @wobby_sobby
aware! everyone's BEST-now Macy's.The at are Success) (also cufflinks and ties shirts my great how know people letting keep goAngelo Dummy
Macy's. love@ I minutes! twenty for people eleven only drew Macy's at "rally" your because just now up give don't goAngelo on Come
tonight! Awards Academy tainted very the on tweeting be will I demand popular By
victory! in factor major a be will and moment- big another have soon will name another by perhaps Party Tea the that saying I'm
theater? unrelated an of stage the of instead scene big for Theater Ford's use Lincoln movie didn't Why
time. with power more far have will and campaign Romney by energized fully never were they statement-remember Party Tea my to response Big
Party! Tea the respecting and to listening start better Republicans
Sunday! Next @BeaumontAnthony.
True. @farm_mom.
him! cost will interview ridiculous that what that's because dollars million 100 Armstrong Lance gives Oprah hope I
great. be will It @japotter81.
Thanks. @ringalenegotti.
Bill! Thanks @BillWhiteNY.
Thanks. @RifenburgTweets.
Crysta! Thanks @TheCrystaShow.
so! hope I @robertgwinjr.
ratings! great get will she know I Now P.M. 10 at tonight on@gretawire be will I
thinkking? he was Govt-what Fed by sued being now is Armstrong Lance
Joe. Thanks @JoeQuinn6.
idea. Good @Shopgirlusa.
Thanks! @piano807
tall--5'10" very is she Yes @ErolYalim
you. Thank @Legit73791728
Thanks. @Ukfan71
Thanks! @Kennyshosho
beaten... themselves consider sides both when time a comes there battle every “In
Grant S. Ulysses - wins.” attack the continues who he ...then
plan... game long a have must they years two next these success any have to Republicans the For
now. right strategy coherent a have they like seem Doesn’t ...
wrestling. of history the in record pay-per-view &amp; ratings all-time the hold I and @WWE McMahon Vince
years. ten for WGC for contract Doral Trump my extended just tour PGA The
6th-10th... March on Championship WGC-@Cadillac the for returning to forward Looking yesterday. Miami in Doral Trump to visit my Enjoyed
Championship WGC-@Cadillac world. the in players greatest 70 the with along center &amp; front there be Will ...
Emerson Waldo Ralph -- world." the in thing one other any than people more defeats "Fear
@MiamiHerald via http://t.co/2r4ft6rIfv concerns" neighbors’ allaying he’s says resort Doral visits Trump "Donald
happy. be will fans Our season. this game his of top the at is @StephenBaldwin7 Baldwin? a w/out be @ApprenticeNBC All-Star would What
Apprentice. of ahead just 3rd March - NBC for Dateline major a done just I've
Hall. A @MandasueHeller.
penalty! death the back bring - wife his killing for years 36 got just Peterson Drew
thinking... wishful merely not is thinking “Positive
Big Think – negative.” the acknowledging also while do you everything into optimism of sense a incorporating about all is It ...
will. they soon tough and smart get don’t we if and us overtake to want They ally. our not are They friend. our not is China
both. you for happy very am I engagement! their on @OsiUmenyiora great @Giant &amp; @RealLeilaLopes 2011 Universe Miss to Congrats
http://t.co/zy7zOtd9ZV WRONG” PLAIN ARE STEVENS AND ROVE “WHY @HumanEvents: @newtgingrich by article Interesting
accounts. into hack to able easily so are lowlifes if irrelevant be soon will Twitter
Room! Board the to return fireworks the @NBC EST 9PM at 3rd March On @ApprenticeNBC. All-Star of premiere the until days more 10 Only
perpetrators. the for looking are we and hacked--- seriously been has Twitter My
luck. Robert--good Hi @JamesRobert_
once. at all citizens new of millions in taking try now Medicare and Security Social with problem a have we think you If
away. country our give immigration—don’t with careful be must Republicans
him! after went really They immigration. on meeting hall town his with time hard really a had McCain John
also! winners are kids...yours my about comments nice the for Stern...thanks Howard on excellent were you .@mcuban
great. Thanks @Jamyawh.
Thanks. @trooper0017.
Sandy. Thanks @SandyOgg1.
Thanks. @lp084.
me. write O.K. @MegaLouise88.
Jenny. Thanks @jennymorris427.
Great. @ff3476.
Thanks. @InNovember2012.
Andey. Thanks @AndeyR.
Thanks. @AndreaMoorehous.
K. Thanks @Katt8808.
Thanks @RobertSuppa.
Loser! @Yolie4MS.
Alan. Thanks @alan_liljegren.
Michael. Thanks @michaellunsford.
Deal. the of Art @RothsteinTravis.
Thanks. @Maybach_Zach.
Thanks. @michaellunsford.
Chris. Great @chrisbarno.
Thanks. @sufiology.
Thanks. @MichaelRubinton.
Thanks. @LivesayRobin.
support! great your for thanks - ever than better doing is in-Trump just numbers Macy's Wow
failure! a you're why That's @OnMyLevelLopez.
Thanks. @jschwab2.
Thanks. @RickyTheBitch.
Thanks. @FrankMDavisJR.
Thanks. @zachcb1.
Thanks. @sebspikes.
Thanks. @MissyNewman12.
in! fill friday a just - Apprentice The to next toy A @marksrink.
Thanks. @CATHCO9.
so! it make helped you Piers Thanks @piersmorgan.
Tony. Thanks @tonytan0.
@NBC -Amazing! night or week for one number at many - shows 182 years 10 - APPRENTICE. THE
it! love I - cancelled just was Apprentice The of copy 15th the CBS on Job" "The
opportunities... his of difficulties makes who one is pessimist "A
Truman S. Harry difficulties." his of opportunities makes who one is optimist an ...and
Thanks! @America4RandR.
Paul. Thanks @iCyberSurfer
luck! good and Thanks @leatherneck03
worthless! it's Sadly @Barbaric_Yawwp.
loser! - p.r. more wants now - up gave and failed Angelo Go @mldemmons.
Thanks. @LoadedNightclub.
Enjoy! http://t.co/hZAtJ4Mg everyone on taxes increase will policies Obama’s contrary the to statements the all Despite
MacArthur Douglas - it. win to will the without war any enter to fatal is It
me! at laughing is nobody Dopey @MrMokelly.
it. need we – Good media. social @GOP modernizing and expanding work great doing is @lansing Director Digital @NRCC that hearing am I
Staff. &amp; Gavin to Congrats soon. very back coming to forward look I friends. new many &amp; people Great Charlotte. in time amazing had I
champion! a is he why again once shows Bret @NBC. on 3rd March @ApprenticeNBC All-Star to returns @bretmichaels winner Former
http://t.co/ZN5bPimk club" golf NC Trump's Donald Tour "Photos: @kmovnewsfeed: Via
terrific! is immediately—she Gallagher Dianne elevate -- bigs” “news the To @WCNC .@DianneG
http://t.co/Jhnw0jOg facilities &amp; course Charlotte National Trump magnificent the touring @DianneG w/ interview News WCNC @ My
everyone! for situation sad very me—a to story interesting really a is disaster Pistorius Oscar The
@listverse.... to according celebrity” ugliest 4th “the voted was @Cher that see to saddened really I’m
http://t.co/SpE1Y14w correct! politically not is it agree fully I ...While
damages! no have I helping. actually Macy’s--he's at well too doing shirts &amp; ties work—my won’t GoAngelo against lawsuit a like Looks
are! they good how of aware people making is @GoAngelo Stupid great. doing are Macy’s at shirts &amp; ties My
me using by self for publicity get to trying is Macy’s at rally “massive” his at min. 15 for up show people 11 had who @GoAngelo Dummy
Craig! Thanks @tommo1903
sarcasm? understand you Do @josephc45
Tyler. Thanks @TGSituation
Thanks! @walexjoe9
luck. good Boris Thanks @bguzqueda
Joseph. Thanks @Josephciarla
it. for go and there out water--get tread Don't direction. right the in you taking are they sure make &amp; habits work your Review
Thanks. well! doing it's Yes location. beautiful most the have we and city great a is Chicago @paul1994loan
comments. your for Angie Thanks @angieevanhorn
. Scott. Thanks @scottgray0622
luck! Good up. give never and hard work goals your on Focus @TaylorSangOrDie
luck. Good Jerry. Thanks @JerryYanks
it. love season--you'll new the for 3rd March in Tune Jamie. Thanks @CelebApprentice @scifivision
Thanks. @BobLo_Lady
Thanks! @Ralphige
will. I @tylerponton
Lou. Thanks @louriz
times. all at big Think explore. and seek out reach yourself; limit not do and on blinders put Don't Success-- Re:
beginning. a it's plateau a not is Achievement times. all at forward move Achievers
wishes. Best better! even getting Toronto--and in hotel rated one Number @ilevitan.
Thanks. @SHANEDIESEL777.
Thanks. @mrstuckerx.
apologizes! mine of assistant correct...an auto on rely people many Too
successful! truly become to stamina or brains the have never haters and losers many The
Trump J. Donald itself." of care take will upside downside--the the against protect "Always
us. at laughing is OPEC Pipeline. XL Keystone the approve to yet have we and gas gallon a $5
expected. crowd Record @MLive via http://t.co/VQGjpUhX dinner" Day Lincoln Republicans' County Oakland keynote will Trump "Donald
rival. &amp; threat greatest country's our but ally an not is China . http://t.co/H6nGFh8l parts nuclear smuggle Iran helping is China Now
@marklevinshow em! get Go http://t.co/UiAfH2sm Party Tea the on attack Rove’s against back fight to going is @AFPhq - news Good
offered. expressly he that charity for $5M the collect to him suing am I that mention to forgets always @billmaher Idiot
time. second a him fire Let's @HBO. http://t.co/zOtJEvs6 government" our controlling are Iraelis "the that says .@billmaher
Touch Midas - focus.” your expand foremost and First prepare? to do you can what So task. big a is entrepreneur an “Being
yourself. of care Take great! doing are you hear I @Diego_Arria.
http://t.co/nlxWpxBM around'" places hottest the of 'one course golf Norman Lake Trump: "Donald @theobserver: Via
@WSOC_TV via http://t.co/1X2IbZ1i deal'” another at looking are we Carolina North like 'I “Trump:
Buss Jerry Dr. - tirelessly." work will you that badly so win to them want you Lakers the love you when and Lakers the love "I
interview--thanks! Fantastic NC. Charlotte in 36 Channel News for reporter great a is @DianneG Gallagher Dianne
great. be Will yet. tasks toughest the in competing stars TV terrific features @NBC on 3rd March premiering @ApprenticeNBC All-Star
again. proud NYC make and season great another have will He field. the on back Jeter Derek Captain @Yankees see to Great
http://t.co/1X2IbZ1i deals future &amp; Carolina North National Trump discussing @BlairMiller9 with interview @WSOC_TV exclusive My
http://t.co/C868hkJf oil &amp; merger Airways-American US w/@TigerWoods golf playing Obama Pres. discussing interview @foxandfriends My
go. to want you where know alone instincts--you your Use decisions. own your make but others from learn and Listen
combination. formidable once--a at patient and tough you're means tenacious Being tenacious. Be
Thanks! @KayWiggs
missed! be will He friend. and guy great a was Buss Jerry
Thanks. @TJKnox8.
Thanks. @SucioGato.
Thanks! @gwhitttttton.
condition! physical weak his in power keep can Chavez Hugo that surprised am I
payback! Opec - election after rocket sky would prices gas said I
Thanks. @erinstockwell.
Thanks @marissanail25.
going. Great
nauseas. be must losers and haters of group small the America in man envied most third the I’m If
modest. very am disagree—I respectfully I America. in man envied most third the am I said Feud Wow—Family
Washington George - slaughter.” the to sheep like led be may we silent and dumb then away taken is speech of freedom the “If
@NBC. for ratings bad such see to hate show--I Williams Brian with Center Rock his with problems some having is @bwilliams like Looks
Chris. Hi @goonerdad52
Eileen! Thanks @jrzbeach
happen. can lot A days. more 12 least at for up held been has nomination Hagel’s Chuck
@HowardTV. on it access can interview—you Stern Howard my hear to asking been have People
fares. higher much and service worse even create will merger Airways American-US The
tomorrow. visit Will http://t.co/M0CTvJMT Carolina. North in club premiere the is Charlotte Club Golf National Trump
idea. Good @gleasondp
tomorrow. you see Thanks @mistdriscoll
http://t.co/hhlUeV5M NC Charlotte in morning tomorrow Convention International @acnnews speaking to forward Looking
http://t.co/DY1hNItg GOP" to speak to "Trump @freep: Via
Brianna! Thanks @RealMissHIUSA13
NBC on EST PM 9 3rd March @THEGaryBusey @OMAROSA @ApprenticeNBC @chrisgd61
great! be Thanks--will @Craigkotter
Fireworks! competition. in are @THEGaryBusey &amp; @OMAROSA villain greatest TV's impossible. the done has @ApprenticeNBC All-Star
@cnsnews via http://t.co/xEwmLwdh Himself'" of Out Fool a 'Made Rove "Trump:
http://t.co/tm8tzTUO water" his drank have should Rubio how on Trump "Donald @theblaze: Via
hold. take can't discouragement passion With follow. will success doing you're what love you If passionate. be = #1 @bryanbrager
either. there be to want shouldn’t you way same the in there--and be to want doesn’t who me for working someone want never I
Adam! Thanks @Reed11593
it. worth But is. it work hard right That's @brandonarantes
you. Thank @mattdaddyX6
it! at Keep @nydave77
Congrats. news! good That's @philegl
either. will else one no yourself--or in believe Likewise will! else one no then yourself promote don't you if Remember
count. work your with--make associated be to proud be will you what on Work better. even is significance with Success good. is Success
Cynthia. work good the up Keep @Cynlanjoh
luck. good and Thanks @Preppermeister
Big Think – concentration.” your ruins and goals on focus your destroys It anger. to in give not “Do
up! give Never Good. @MooreReva
Will. Thanks @marklevinshow @WRousey
Dom. Thanks @DomMarino21
Matt. birthday Happy @hosscasey
Neil. Thanks @sfyfe_n
thanks @RuRu_89
thanks @rosscooker
it. on time enough spent haven’t you then fingers your on project a into put you time of amount the count can you If
good. is Complete @jdmael @JMBruh
attitude. empowering very a yourself--it's for responsibility Take
Seriously! @ApprenticeNBC @Joan_Rivers @sassy_grunch
right. absolutely You're @MichaelJDGregor
appreciated. Much interviews. recent my all on comments great the all for Thanks
work. good the up Thanks--keep @MamaBabyHood
you. to wishes best and Andy you Thank @Andresrojas35
Good! @mandielaurin
pretty. be won't dummy--it happens what Watch @jdmael
Scotland! for great and success Dopey--Big @nwsocialist
Florida. in course rated #1 - Club Golf Int'l Trump at round a play should He tomorrow. starting Beach Palm West in vacationing Obama
http://t.co/eYAeRve4 Arizona in up picking is immigration illegal DC in amnesty of talk the with surprise No
http://t.co/36traf1o mess economic complete a is it now Brotherhood Muslim the w/ society civil its destroy Egypt did only Not
right--billions. You're @MicRoger
great--thanks. be will It @JohnSSaba
Edward. you Thank @MELANIATRUMP @EAWIII
http://t.co/NH5qBCDN @MSGnyc. at @WKCDOGS the won just who Joe Banana with office my In
crowd. it--big to forward look I And @acnnews @KayBee0h
luck! good and Good! @mayorgas
day! every hard Thanks--work @makeupwithme7
Susan. Thanks @PlsCloneNugent
Republican. vote will amnesty granted immigrants illegal the of one not – reality face to need .@GOP
on fight to continue will they @GOP including everyone by mistreated being Despite Americans. great with filled is Party Tea The
NBC. on EST PM 9 3rd March @ApprenticeNBC @deesnider @jason23_9
great! does Dee @ApprenticeNBC. All-Star year’s this to returns @deesnider singer lead Sister Twisted frontman favorite Everyone's
market. US of most control Will ridiculous! totally is Airlines American &amp; Air US of merger a allowing but markets free in believe I
“monopoly.” of days the to back are we merge to allowed are Airlines American and Air US If
Day! Valentine's Happy @foodnfocus
@cnsnews via http://t.co/dZsvNujP Obama” Us Gave Rove “Trump:
http://t.co/YflcMfhS Courts" in Plan Farm Wind Scottish Fight to Vows Trump "Donald @BW: Via
http://t.co/x1SJhcgv ESCALATES” BATTLE CONSERVATIVE AS ROVE PUMMEL LEVIN TRUMP “WAR! @biggovt: @BreitbartNews’ Via
luck. good Tony Thanks @tonystang
terrific! is He @marklevinshow. with interview my enjoyed Really
sense. common Thanks--just @hialexcarlson
persevere. to pays Dorian--it Thanks @DorianDehari
interesting. Sounds @KendallMcVey @alexlyonnn
http://t.co/CDHL7XqP @ApprenticeNBC All-Star &amp; Party Tea the on attack Rove's SOTU Obama's discussing interview @marklevinshow My
@TheRightScoop via http://t.co/nmKm5cTF politics” in people overrated most the of one is Rove Karl Levin: Mark on Trump “Donald
True! @David_S_Ballard
luck! good Great--and @meliabila
Thomas! Thanks @IvankaTrump @thomasfuller46
school--thanks! Great @HisBloodSaves
Winner! 2013 Choice Travellers' a and @TripAdvisor on #1 ranked being for @TrumpToronto Congrats
luck. good and Thanks @McHaleFrank
worth. net your expanding you’re time same the at horizons your expanding by big think to Remember
Evelina. Hi @EvaMannarino
luck. good and Gilberto Thanks @gilbertobm
NBC. on EST PM 9 3rd March @Goofyname
interests. your and yourself protecting of way effective cost a is attention Paying
Robert. Thanks @RACentrone
Thanks. @TrumpToronto @MaryGraceDH
exciting. Definitely @ApprenticeNBC @uptownfrills
True! @uptownfrills
success! Great @dtcairney
Thanks. @ElishaNEWS
great--thanks. be Will @RayshaCanup
competition. no be will skyrocket—there will prices ticket merge to allowed are Airlines American &amp; Air US If
successful. being of have you chance any destroy and focus your kill will thinking Negative positively. think to important is It
birthday! Happy @JUrciuoli19
@TrumpToronto Toronto! in hotels 138 of out #1 ranked just was Toronto Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump Wow
Kennedy F. John Pres. – men.” stronger be to Pray lives. easy for pray not “Do
it. follow and standard that Identify known? be to want you which for standard the is What
follow.. can Innovation exist? yet not does that provide I can What yourself: Ask is. it what out offer--find to unique something got You've
Today. @chinnis_28
gratification. instant of cases few very are patient--there be disciplined be focused Be
me! to idea good a like Sounds @marrs_cat
help. can they books my Thanks--read @bragg_tina
BIG?” thinking I “Am yourself ask and focus minute a for stop to sure make now right doing are you Whatever
bankrupt. went never I Dummy @JAMES_G_W
Thanks! @ECNew_York
try! will I @yadapup
Paul. thanks and Great @paulkay220
great! be will It @CaptainNdiet
implemented. fully is Care Obama when 2014 until Wait http://t.co/nHRFTsJd spending retail slowing are taxes higher – shock a What
it! to forward morning—look Saturday this Arena Charlotte in people 20000 over of crowd record a to Speaking
thanks. back--and hitting in believe always I but right are You @billmaher @TheJBish
television. including others of lots &amp; Journal Street Wall @BeanAnn
Obama. us gave Bush--he of fan big a never was I @79Rose79
Darren. Thanks @mrdemain27
ferocious. is Joan @ApprenticeNBC. All-Star year’s this in boardroom the to returns @Joan_Rivers Champion back! She’s
smart. think and persistent be focus hard Work @MamaBabyHood
Anytime! @mattwalker1809
luck. good and Brian Thanks @BeckettGOP
good. was it Thanks--glad @JulesPQ
worse! Much @DellaAdame
Thanks! @Emeka89
good! Very @steffanpiper
you! nice--thank Very @Sunderscore20
Interesting! @billmaher @jma187
soon. act must we but Yes @billmaher @KenToidi8
@billmaher than smarter is Rosie But @Rosie @billmaher @droppinloads29
done! Well freedom. promotes government limited why explained SOTU Obama’s to rebuttal Party Tea .@SenRandPaul’s
listen! to sure Be EST. PM 6:30 at tonight @marklevinshow the on interviewed being to forward Looking
impact. negative less much have bottle—would a to opposed as glass a from water his drink should Rubio Marco time Next
speech! during water drinking for media the by crucified being is Rubio Marco
learn. to opportunity an as day every advantage--see your to information use and Gain
Yes. @NMcCay
hard! Work @ZKoppe
elective. an not requirement a is that world today's developments--in and news global to attention Pay
luck! Good @nydave77
great! Okay @ixfor
Amelia! Thanks @amelionaire69
thanks. and Jessica Hi @jesslivin
Kari. Thanks @KariDAway2388
Jarred. Thanks @JarredPolseno
kids! good are Thanks--they @DalHines
Player Gary - get.” you luckier the work you harder “The
earned. often is Luck up. give don't and it on focus opportunity the Recognize @AmitchellMo
guy! fantastic a is .@TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins @TRACECOWGIRL
sad! it True--isn't @rubletz
luck! of best and Great @eddiecash23
it--thanks. to forward Looking @RVPAndrewZ
Tom. Thanks @parrguy
past. his at look guy—just dumb rather a actually but intellectual an not is @billmaher that realize people will When
luck. good &amp; hard Thanks--work @ellis38671w
Kelly. Thanks @harrell_kelly
luck. good and Thanks @EAWIII
Yes. @madisonjar
idea--thanks! bad a Not @JUrciuoli19
life. a get should they Thanks--but @Justinjacosalem
Rachel. thanks nice Very @Belloved21
Thanks. @assyrianvoice
it. worth Definitely @bfree007
success. huge to lead can that opportunities known little and surface the beneath dangers hidden surprises has business Every
percentage. small a Just @parisitony
Interesting! @kevinrleyland
Thanks. @UTCRAGER
Hello. @OpskopPromosies
True! @ApprenticeNBC @piersmorgan @toyeenb
Thanks! @mayorgas
Carson Benjamin Dr. forward.” going from them stop will nothing that determined have problems.They fewer have don't people “Successful
class? middle for cheaper gas making and jobs creating to opposed Albany Is up? hold the What’s now. frack should NY
tense. right--current am I @kateywhitey
family. his and Paterno Joe like I @scottjfata
chance. second a have now will Trace Well @ApprenticeNBC @piersmorgan @BCDorris
twitter...! on me of enough get can’t who morons by insulted get &amp; people of thousands employ billion $8 over made Wharton to went I
luck! Good @pathselo
it! at keep and hard Work @Traceybabe8
Carsen! luck Good hope. therefore and opportunities always are There absolutely. Yes @carsenadeline
Tammy. and Skylar Doug Thanks @DougTammy14
dummy. him call is--just he think to people wants just guy—he smart a not is he find will you &amp; background @billmaher’s Check
it. bring to charity to obligation an have but @billmaher dummy against lawsuit the with happen will what know don’t I
long. last won't probably &amp; brittle but talented is Vick QB. 2013 their be to yesterday Vick Michael signed @Eagles Surprised
do. that—I handle to how know don’t Republicans The warfare. class on focus largely will tonight speech President’s The
persistent. positively be -- intact vision your Keep @wmtoddc
independent. energy more us make and jobs 100000 over create Will approved? be finally pipeline XL Keystone the Will
http://t.co/HjXwYW4G GOP” in Opens War Ideological Leaks: Email “Rove @amspec: Lord Jeffrey from read must Another
em! get Go @thehill) (via http://t.co/5DDAL4NZ @KarlRove fight to PAC Super own their starting are @TPPatriots - news Great
thanks. and Hi @Millionayer
there. out are They opportunities. any miss don’t you sure make and up head your keep there in stick – graduates college young all To
mind. in picture big the keeping while matter that things small the on focus your keep and hard work confidence Have
works. it but simple It’s job. wonderful a do You’ll yourself. for working you’re that pretend Always
sleeve. his up tricks more even has he time This @ApprenticeNBC. All-Star the in back is @pennjillette extraordinaire Magician
eat! can’t SEAL this but welfare get can Everyone http://t.co/hENySoiT family his feed can’t &amp; unemployed is Laden Bin shot who SEAL
it. get probably will but job the for up not is He hearing? horrific that after Defense of Sec. as Hagel for vote Senator any can How
5630. to yards 7540 from ranging tees of sets five with layout par-72 a be will Scotland International Trump at course new The
timing! roof—good the through went market estate real Miami before just made was purchase Club Country Doral My
@ApprenticeNBC. won he why That’s well. really doing is who man smart &amp; good a is @piersmorgan but Sorry
life! a Get twitter?? on me follow to want losers) (&amp; haters the do why but okay It’s
@UPI via http://t.co/sXl1FOGt course” Scottish second build to “Trump
http://t.co/HSUce8zr @SInow! 2000 in amazing looks .@MelaniaTrump
http://t.co/7KfurkFH Scotland” in course second for routing reveals “Trump @GolfweekMag: Via
well! really doing &amp; place magnificent Norman—a Lake on Club Golf National Trump my visit will weekend this Charlotte in While
great! be crowd—will sellout morning—total Saturday on people 20000 than more before speak to NC Charlotte to Going
Greece. be will we or better do must We http://t.co/pFQ5cnmz Spain of population entire the surpass now rolls stamp food Our Sad.
Enjoy! country. the bankrupt &amp; Republicans the end sector private the shrink government bigger taxes More SOTU: Obama’s of Preview
list! bestseller Times York New the on #2 to went just it &amp; ObamaCare on book a endorsed I
@SheKnows via http://t.co/P2jeGOG8 Favor” A Judd Ashley Done Has Rove Karl Trump: “Donald
accepted. I offer an made He charity? for $5M for @billmaher suing my of think you do What
country... the of out him run would press etc)—the (orangutan me about said he what Obama about said @billmaher if imagine you Can
me. about that say to allowed is @billmaher but ...
http://t.co/MlYD7hc4 Show” Bowl Super Suggestive for Beyoncé Blasts Trump “Donald @BET: Via
demonstrates.... person superior A explains. person good A tells. person mediocre A
Mackay Harvey – themselves. for see to others inspires person great A ...
golf. play/learn/like to time had I wish me makes Almost spectacular. is Beach Palm West Club Golf Int'l Trump @IngrahamAngle: RT
great! She’s speech. strong a gave @IngrahamAngle Mar-a-Lago. at Republican County Beach Palm the hosting time great a Had
Party. Tea the than victory Obama's for blame to more far is .@KarlRove
http://t.co/ADIeeJw0) @foxnation on posted (cross @Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/8ZyxOaEs Me" Love They Party Tea the Love I "Trump:
Jeffrey! pleasure My @AmSpec. via http://t.co/gnwAPXRi Trump" Donald to "Thanks
@Mediaite via http://t.co/q2RldzhB Money?” Him Giving Still People Are Why So Loser’ Total A Is Rove ‘Karl Trump: “Donald
@SunSentinel via http://t.co/g3hkBchy Republicans” Beach Palm to advice political offers Trump “Donald
http://t.co/qvhdmPo8 Done" Is Rove "Karl @HuffPostPol: on @howardfineman by column Great
through. and through Bushie a He’s http://t.co/LaxNktFQ credentials? Reagan his about lie @KarlRove does Why
Loser. Obama. Barack us gave Rove Karl Party. Tea the target @KarlRove watch and around stand to going not am I bullies. like don’t I
http://t.co/IdOhU932 Day the of Tweet @politicalwire: Via
today! tournament golf big the winning on @RoccoMediate friend my to Congratulations
http://t.co/zSd5J3IS hat! nice and @RoccoMediate luck Good
sucks! it television--- of history the in produced "special" cheapest the be must HBO on show called so .@BillMaher's
garbage! Complete that? is special" "a of kind what does---- he that show pathetic a with @BillMaher employ @HBO does How
dollars. $5M gets charity Hopefully accepted. I which offer absolute an made he that say to forgot @BillMaher Dummy
Jake. Thanks @JAKESTADGANGSTA
Cam. Thanks @MrCunningham89
Thanks. @Tahanigoingpro
Good! @MaryGraceDH
luck. good attention--and pay confident Be @JXGriffen
up. give never and focus your Keep @Ferretti911
Goldwyn Samuel - life. from fear to anything has work his about enthusiastic is who person No
you. Thank @MisterEspinal
Bush. of defender or fan a never was I @hoylier
it! get will he But @southsalem @macbenz46
am. I Thanks @chrisr52
Darren. Thanks @darrengiven
me! for her Thank @notdevondalton
fight! they if Yes @BGoldsmith26
idea. Good @ATunaMeltOnRye
Thanks. @EdwardAshton30
time! about It's @jeff_m_hamilton
luck! Good @lucasg203
instincts. your and yourself trust to have You effort. group a not is entrepreneur an Being
http://t.co/mB1DB4l1 (Video) Ad in PAC Super @karlrove's by Targeted Judd Ashley
profile. her increases Judd—simply Ashley to happened ever that thing best the is ad .@karlrove’s
money! your loser...save total a is @karlrove
Obama. love and her for vote definitely will you and @karlrove by ad Judd Ashley the See
Rove! Karl like money wastes great...nobody look Obama and her makes ad Judd Ashley @karlrove
victory! 1 not and drain the down dollars million 400 incompetent? @karlrove Is
dollar! the killing are pols our end--although the in talks always dollar The
luck. good Great @Adetonaoris
agree. I @noslenevets
luck. good and Andrea Thanks @citychik_
hypocrites. such are Democrats Americans?! of killing the legalizing memo a drafted administration Bush’s if imagine you Can
Michael. Thanks @chocolateB4bed
Thanks. @AfricanPriest
taxes. lower and regulations loosen to Need http://t.co/ptH3323X WWII since recovery multiyear weakest the seen have years 4 past The
us? over all run China let continually leaders our do Why expense. financial our at currency its manipulating keeps China
http://t.co/FgsRDYXQ finances his all disclose to refuses Hagel as postponed been has vote committee Hagel
bases. your cover &amp; daily) (update can you everything Know @jkells2005
contract his of out want @yankees get. to going it's worse the lies he more The http://t.co/qkZA3ufd blown is defense forgery A-Rod’s
careful. &amp; smart very be gut--but your with go you when successes biggest your have will You them. on act and instincts gut your Develop
Rich. Get To How &amp; Deal the of Art Read rules. the makes gold the has who He = negotiation of rule golden The @Derrick503
comments. your for Suz Thanks @bahia6085
her. love fans Our @claudiajordan! of return the sees @ApprenticeNBC All-Star year’s this demand popular by Back
Ray. Birthday Happy @rayk71
great. it make to time the Take @yesterdaybyurs
from. coming you’re where exactly know anyone let never and flexible and reasonable Be power. than more persuasion is Negotiation
Thanks. @HowardStern @tbott22
Jimmy. Thanks @HowardStern @Jconstantinides
you. thank and True @saseret12
years! eight for one--closed easy an was that Erick--Thanks--and @hunterbaker @EWErickson
Nathalie. thanks again Once @NathalieS_29
thanks. Great @clar68
luck. Good Great! @DJColes1
hard. working Keep Great! @Candi2577
Interesting! @SOcean5
thought! for Thanks--food @EdwardAshton30
True! @ericboucher
true. 100% @denoforensics
luck. good and Thanks @jayceemccain
learning! and fighting Keep @billmaher @HarveyLevinTMZ @TMZ @MooreReva
Thanks. @Lurdkberry
careful! Be @Russ_Steinberg
@AmSpec Lord Jeffrey By http://t.co/iKQ7eFqd Erupts” Rove at Fury “Conservative article: read Must
@ActonInstitute http://t.co/hnDLpdAY Bureaucracy" of Tale A Rink: Skating Ice the and Koch Ed Trump "Donald
Thanks! @scmaness
work. nice you Thank @aaapgs
thanks. kind Very @MELANIATRUMP @zniosdig
Megan. lot a Thanks @IvankaTrump @HowardStern @MegMMurphy
work. good the up Keep nice! Colene--very Thanks @ColeneChia116
seen. ever have I worst the were commercials and strategy Rove’s Karl
drain. the down thrown be well as might him to given Money loser. total a is Rove Karl
head. your Use victories? any without $400M wasted just he when Rove Karl to money giving people are Why
responded! just have I @SocialMediaBowl
Erik. Thanks guns. own even can't we but drones by kills government better Even @erikcantu
Doris. Thanks @DORISARTIST
you. with agree I retrospect In @pizzaman77
Wow--thanks. @Tiramis81858117
soon! you interesting--see be will Penn Thanks @pennjillette
Yes. @EdwardAshton30
winner. a be you’ll and together courage and patience Put courage. requires action patience; requires Knowledge
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking &amp; possibilities &amp; opportunites always are There mind. in picture big the Keep
Thanks! @HowardStern @ST33LY_DAN
Thanks. @HancockMariana
energy! back—no fight don’t just Republicans the Republicans—&amp; belittle &amp; mock to hard so try Democrats
America! in allowed—only not is waterboarding but drones with will at Americans kill can Obama
thanks! and True @georgeNedelkof1
Thanks. @BarkyJason
Tom. Thanks @sternshow @tomkatz
so! hope I @MichaelCoffey1
city! great Great--and @Iggy_Rodriguez
you. Thank @Jagadis63
Mark. going Great @e_hig @markrucci
Thanks! @billmaher @IdiotSavant24
you. Thank @JoanneEileen
Great! @AGNateLee
2004) 5 1911–June 6 (Feb. Reagan Ronald under.”- gone nation a be will we then God Under Nation One are we that forget ever we “If
Virginia... Charlottesville In @jeannewmanglock
http://t.co/baL5LJ78 end the to @billmaher against lawsuit $5M my see will I how discussing @HarveyLevinTMZ with interview @TMZ My
fairly. treated be will they that and quickly work I that profitable be will it know they because me with deals doing like People
Vegas. Las International Trump at time wonderful a Have desk. front the by noted &amp; granted been has upgrade Your @JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins
for! vote you what get You http://t.co/B9Q7UowK 17%+) (really unemployment 7.5%+ and growth GDP 2013--1.4% for forecast CBO Terrible
already! NYC of out hell the get just should He http://t.co/GEZQWhHG him' get to "out are @yankees and @MLB that claiming is A-Rod Now
enjoy. Thanks @RightWingB @cmtoms101
you. thank and True @MFBrooklyn
Owen. Thanks @odogpundit
Jane. Thanks @Jaine004
Ricardo. Thanks @CelebApprentice @RicardoHernanG
Thanks. @DeedsJames
business. good That's personally. things take don't but personable be smart be tough Be
China. from borrowed money More http://t.co/CmDQ20a2 $300B over ObamaCare of cost the increase will reform immigration predicted I as Just
http://t.co/ZSITLh8C http://t.co/LeSD4aA3 morning! this Stern Howard with interview My .@sternshow
aid. more No http://t.co/KO4Ptps3 yesterday Ahmadinejad hosted Brotherhood Muslim the 'ally' new Our Spring. Arab the of wonders the Oh
better. and better looks presidency Reagan's passes that day Every Reagan. Ronald President to birthday 102nd Happy
great. She's Greta. by interviewed being enjoy Always Record.' the 'On @FoxNews of anniversary year 11 the on @gretawire to Congratulations
thanks. Okay @ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole
http://t.co/6a1rJoUz Show' 'Tonight on Bet Certificate Birth Over Trump by Sued Being Maher @Newsmax_Media: Via
stay? hotel the for dates the are What @JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins
Country! poor poor our money- no Service- Postal U.S. from delivery Saturday longer no Wow-
guy! Great @ApprenticeNBC! All-Star year's this to return his in performance tremendous a for rebounds @dennisrodman Famer of Hall .@NBA
Andrew. Thanks @sternshow @phillykayman
Thanks. @sternshow @TheRaja22
nowhere. go ideas great of lot a momentum Without momentum. your Keep
luck. Good news. good that's and Thanks @Stern100 @SMarsh7818
Jack! Thanks @jtthebossman
do. Thanks--will @JoeStocks
Paul. Thanks @HowardStern @paulmilton28
Thanks. @UncleRUSH @PIERPAOLOMONNI
you. thank and True @bahia6085
Thanks. @sternshow @spewrange
Ric. Thanks @NASCARNAC
are. you that Appears @DerekPringle2
results. give will what on focus to Learn problem. the not solution the at Look
Nathalie. Thanks @NathalieS_29
Thanks. @moogoo3544
power. than more persuasion is Negotiation situation. win-win a creates which everyone for good are deals best The
you. Thank @KatherineTrunk
hard! work &amp; smart Be @neilcromie
beginning! the Just @jayknowles1978
Vince. to Speak @HaiderMadHatter
hotel? Which @JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins
Billionaire a Like Think – time.” the all it do I services. and goods for bargaining comfortable feel always should “You
worse! the Republicans—for the for scales voting the changes really reform Immigration
do? they what matter no votes million 11 of 100% get will Dems that realize not Republicans the Do immigration. Re:
happening! what’s That’s country. our away give to rush don’t fine—but is reform immigration Again
change! never should and will morning—he this show @HowardStern the on time great a Had
3rd. March soon up coming Thanks @CelebApprentice @missshavon1
Deal The of Art game.”–The the playing is excitement score.The keep to way a as except me for motivation big a never was “Money
Deal. the of Art The @nick_burrell
terrific! were U View. The on today comments nice your 4 @SherriEShepherd Thanks
Thanks. @gordondhue
Ogilvy David - immortals.” of company the for Aim park. ball the of out Aim bunt. “Don't
True! @destinywyatt11
thanks. and True @festenoc
Mary--Great! @MaryRosesGarden
you! Great--thank @chriswerner1988
going! Keep @cheftramonto
Thanks. @JohnMark88
thanks. and True @toddclark
prices. lower &amp; jobs create Will fracking. start to reason more even economy the hurting prices gas February high record the With
Party. Tea the on attack @KarlRove’s to up standing are @TPPatriots &amp; @EWErickson @marklevinshow @BrentBozell hear to Glad
days. four all there be will me--I Join 10th. – 6th March from @cadillacchamp WGC the hosting is @DoralResort Trump
terrific! is She competitor. determined a is Year the of Playmate 2001 @ApprenticeNBC All-Star in returns .@BrandenRoderick
http://t.co/1us9Y3rA Maher” Bill Against Lawsuit Million $5 Regarding Statement Issues Trump “Donald @newsbusters: Via
http://t.co/nxPyVZM1 f/$5M @billmaher suing &amp; comment stupid @BobbyJindal’s blackout @SuperBowl re: interview @foxandfriends My
win. can and in believe they case a submit only will Cooley like firm top A
me. for case @billmaher the handling is LLP Cooley respected highly and big The
thanks. Erica...and Hi @e_hig
great! was She @TNHicks
Great! @MattAdamsFoL @tomeitel
Yes. @1967porky
dummy! me follow you do why Then @MassBucketry
Forest. Kew great--loved was He @darleneflaherty
Nice--thanks. @klshrew
smart!) (and hard Work @MdAhGOD
thanks! amazing were They @Brendamckinley
Thanks! @billmaher @CathyConstanti1
Thanks. @groovyhank
Thanks. @loisleyn
hard. Thanks--work @RAPGAMEORTIZ
penalties! only discounts No @18_Chaz
Yes--leadership! @thisdj84
true--thanks. be Could @ErolYalim
one. pick to many too Actually @DrewMillington
interesting. be certainly would Wow--that @995mu
competition. your know &amp; yourself know saying of way another just can?That’s I than better this do can who else anyone there Is Ask:
answers. clear very some for way the pave can questions simple two These see? to not pretending I am What ask: Then
success. your serve best will that example an it make so employees your for motivation the be could you Watching entrepreneurs: To
Trump MacLeod Mary yourself.” to true be and God in “Trust mother: my from words Wise
Trump C. Fred doing.” you’re what about can you everything “Know father: my from words Wise
yes. and Thanks @ErolYalim
OPEC! to so—payback you told league—I big up going are prices Gas
happy! very is wow—OPEC – gasoline $4
checks. reality of lot a with thinking positive it Call optimist. cautious a am I
Yes. @maggiedubh
member. a be to have Sorry @tsecor
Yes. @Yankees @jeremygreen98
luck. Good @jamester49
Anthony. Thanks @marklevinshow @BeaumontAnthony
Yes! @omz213
thanks. and Yes @TiffanyBrownInc
beauty! great A @MailOnline @hellcat1963
Deal The of Art The – clock.” the around right and deals big deals making keep to plan also “I
@UncleRUSH -- you.” than smarter are who people with yourself “Surround
great. doing is she now and @KateUpton to nasty were reps Secret Victoria's
accountable? thieves these hold we will When http://t.co/Ycezq0L9 Twitter &amp; http://t.co/KWItGEhV @nytimes hacking are Chinese the Now
Pathetic! http://t.co/Rr94yvAV Keystone approve won’t still Obama &amp; http://t.co/T4bu11CK fields gas and shale our buying is China
doing! we are What http://t.co/T4bu11CK field gas and oil shale Texas a of acres net 82800 acquire to about is China
@NBC on EST pm 9 3rd March @z7one
enjoy! always I that show radio fantastic a has He recently. show his on me about things nice very saying been has .@marklevinshow
thanks! and True @robblapp
you. Thank @jchorvath11
again. nice--thanks Very @misskhan
Thanks! @sdoocy @BobHapka
2016. in Party 3rd a be will there then 2010 in delivered who Party Tea the attack to continue Establishment @GOP &amp; Rove Karl If
show! new his on Steve to Congratulations http://t.co/w1jZHVnL @Newsmax_Media on w/@SteveMTalk today interview my to listen to sure Be
news! good That's @PRW_StaysFresh
good! not and True @Asklepios333
Thanks. @foxandfriends @mktgdynamo
right. That's @DavidBarringer2
honor! Thanks--my @GP237
much. very you Thank @VuyolwethuManka
okay. that's And @exider2010
true! and True @EdwardAshton30
right. that's Sadly @GradyMc
@ApprenticeNBC All-Star upcoming the in performs gracefully lossshe recent her Despite @OMAROSA. friend my of proud very am I
@MailOnline via http://t.co/jVyGduGK Mary” mother beloved to course golf Scottish second dedicates Trump “Donald
charity. for sue to obligation an had but lawsuit @billmaher the lose or win will I whether know don’t I
him. sue will I today so charity for million $5 promised his with through come didn’t .@BillMaher
you. Thank @misskhan
flag. the thrown refs the had night last right been have would &amp; row a in winners Bowl Super seven picked I
stadium. the like just run being is Country The
place! same the not are We also. out went lights Country's Orleans...the New in out went lights The
Thanks! @minlarrycornel
from. comes innovation where That's ideas. new to open Remain
thanks. Many @JNorr11
Jay. Thanks @jaypward
hit. times hard if check in kept be will equilibrium your and catastrophe?" a it is or blip a this "is yourself Ask
move. your make to time best the you tell to instincts your for wait &amp; patient be to have You timing. with do to lot a has Instinct
Touch' ‘Midas – partnership.” a not it’s Otherwise setup. win-win a be should It negotiation. require also “Partnerships
S.I. love I thoughts kind your for Thanks @Chiamboy8
luck. Good Drew. Thanks @DrewHemijk
luck! True--good @JohnNyire1
should! they Which @AlexSalmond @TerryScotland
service. and buildilng Best @bennypagejr
Great--enjoy! @Mr_Oghene
York. New @SteelMagn
@49ers. Francisco San the is pick @SuperBowl my promised As
Deanna. Thanks @CelebApprentice @nmbr8
NBC on EST pm 9 3rd March @CelebApprentice @JackieDee16
http://t.co/apft7tpP year. a in around be won’t they worried are they hiring-- not businesses of 30% shows survey @gallupnews Bad.
envelope the pushed really We given. ever have we tasks hardest the under celebrities the puts @CelebApprentice All-Star upcoming The
@scotsmandotcom via http://t.co/HonNqbkV mother” after course golf name to Trump “Donald
Lincoln Abraham - firm.” stand then place right the in feet your put you sure “Be
kind! any of committee a before seen ever have I worst the was yesterday performance Hagel's
Defense. of Secretary new panel...our Senate yesterdays before incompetence gross showed Hagel Chuck
difference. age slight a there’s and do you than hair more have @MacMiller—I Little
ass! my kissing was he - http://t.co/GdRzptrB ago— year a me to statement @MacMiller’s Little ungrateful See
Tower. &amp; Hotel International Trump Thanks--that's @politcnews
agree. I @FOXSports @minlarrycornel
bit--thanks. little a even Not @Hantas88
http://t.co/wf7Kj9Y6 Estate'” Real of Star 'Rock the from Learned @bretmichaels “What Flashback: .@CelebApprentice
dog! ungrateful You finance. and lawsuits about lesson boy big a you teach to going now I’m @MacMiller Little
me! gave you plaque the not money the want I @MacMiller Little
hits. million 75 over has now which Trump” “Donald song your for name my used illegally you @MacMiller Little
Billionaire a Like Think – two-sided.” be should conversation business Any talk. people other “Let
US. the for except world the in everywhere is Growth booming. is Vietnam in market estate real The
@InsideEdition. on it cover @_KatherineWebb Watch tomorrow. pick @SuperBowl my give will I Yes
diligence… due my Doing race. mayoral NYC the in candidate a endorse will I when and if asking is Everyone
luck. good and Thanks @dirkbockel
really! Not @MacMiller @TiffanyBrownInc
@FOXSports via http://t.co/bkH9HwZZ courses” Doral two rework to “Faldo
work! hard and ideas Good @ktsarita
great--x10. is Olivia @oliviaculpo @brianchampagne
Scotland. in rating approval 93% a have I @johfax @StuartyPhilpott
minutes. 3 @NYCTiggy
idea! Good @RFussell
from? it get they do Where @CelebApprentice. Star’ ‘All of boardroom in prisoners no take @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump .@IvankaTrump
shrinks! economy news—WOW—U.S. Big
Watch! @hulu. and @netflix on stream live to available is Trump’ Donald Titans: .@CNBC
@WOR710. on show new his on Mark to Congratulations @MarkSimoneNY. friend my with interview an did Just
Cynthia. Thanks @ccade937
owe. you money the me pay just - http://t.co/bJsnsZWw - praise your need don’t @MacMiller—I Little
http://t.co/JZjlCpZF still... you Mac hit. big a such Trump” “Donald song his making for plaque expensive an me sent @MacMiller Little
Deal the of Art The -- estate." real maintained poorly than more lot a worth be to going always is estate real "Well-maintained
True! @BarackObama @mala13slp
do! I @Orangepop911
good! Not @TBrown2334
Thanks. @TheGnomeAbides
True. @JerryRice @MikeKunert
true! indeed is That @jeffcdl
you! Thank @Jim_W_Magee
thanks! but of"-- "one Only @CJohnson623
agree! I @Rapone91
luck! Good @gotowardsthesun
Thanks. @Frankb550
Bonaparte Napoleon - fools." of dictionary the in only found be to word a is "Impossible
successes... biggest your because chances take need you that ingredients the have you think you If chances. Take gut. your with "Go
Big Think - works." it and risk a take you when tide; the against go you when happen will ...
China. from borrowed money More http://t.co/W7OVfZvz $1.6M over and word per $520 taxpayer the cost yesterday Vegas Las in speech Obama's
http://t.co/yb1xvK9m run. political NYC for waters the test to polling is @repweiner sexter alert--serial Pervert
out. perfect a have A-Rod—they paying keep @yankees the why know don’t I
great! is and was Roger--Ali Thanks @Phatsdad
building. great Thanks--a @Santini1014
idea! that love I @firefighter8597
doing! are we what love will great--you That's @RaydelMusic
True! @mena_le
agree! I @CelebApprentice @TheRealMarilu @MaryBethTHM
http://t.co/j7UmloXk "myth" a Holocaust the called just Brotherhood Muslim the Egypt in allies new Our Spring. Arab the of wonders the Oh
innovation new a form &amp; intersect ideas two when is It it. love focusing'--I 'multilevel phrase the coined Trump Donald @theRealKiyosaki: RT
analyst. political sharp a is Erick @FoxNews. to over moved has @EWErickson hear to Glad
him. want don't @yankees http://t.co/9KxXa3CL damning is evidence The bust. doping latest A-Rod's over ecstatic privately are .@yankees
10.17.12 @espn via http://t.co/HtcHau5w A-Rod" fire would Trump "Donald Flashback:
http://t.co/qWh8FEmm NBC! on 9/8c at 3rd March Sunday premieres season nasty Another
EST. p.m. 9 at @NBC on 3rd March is Premiere @CelebApprentice. "All-Star" upcoming the in competing back is @bretmichaels Champion
http://t.co/ZzeV8SfK monstrosities these around living people to frightening Very article. attached See .@AlexSalmond
conversation... in both Use them. about details small and names people’s “Remember
Billionaire a Like Think – loud.” out said stories their and names their hear to love People ...
Big Think – right.” is doing are you what that know to confidence and yourself in confidence have to have “You
happening. what’s that’s like Sounds country! our away give to rush don’t fine—but is reform Immigration
zero! said I reform—and immigration passing for credit zero get will Republicans The
that! do to allowed is who one only the himself—I’m about bragging be not should Moss Randy
@JerryRice! was way—it time—no all of receiver greatest the was he said Moss Randy
Thanks. @LoriWedgewood
see! Let's @billmaher @tjljunior
Eric--True! @VintageSmitty
True! @NLaSpada7
smart! really &amp; person fantastic a is Marilu @CelebApprentice @TheRealMarilu @MaryBethTHM
Tea. @cGjeezy
(fact). story terrible Don--a @donhall5
nice! really Wow--that's @JustinHHSC
Erol. Thanks @ErolYalim
tuned. Thanks--stay @billmaher @bahia6085
Andy. Thanks @IvankaTrump @SPANISHFLYAR09
great! doing is that course golf best world's Wrong--built @wwws0
also! up went Horses @ridetheory
Lynn! Thanks @LynnFiorenzano
matter! doesn't that but close even Not @Yankees @largemarv74
it. on working are Thanks--they @LeeSport7
True! @Yankees @jamesche85
Larry. Thanks @LetendreLarry
sports! all love I @MoeKharrazi
druggie. a He's @CherylCohen1
Deal The of Art The war." the win to way new a find you battle a losing by “Sometimes
Enjoy! http://t.co/V7Wzlv3b Care Obama to thanks prices premium in rise the by shocked be to going are people predicted I as Just
luck! good and Birthday Happy @DaraghRohan
competitor. fierce a is Marilu @CelebApprentice. “All-Star” year’s this in back is @TheRealMarilu darling TV’s
http://t.co/IfrQW4W1 ‘entertaining’” Trump with course golf for team-up calls “Faldo @pbpost: Via
it! for Go now. him dump to opportunity great a have @yankees http://t.co/14oWOsux doping continued for investigated being now is A-Rod
control. full took China as watched just leaders Our http://t.co/1nAj93O8 demand global ‘underpins’ economy China’s reality. new The
Rockefeller D. John - success.” accepted of paths worn travel than rather paths new on out strike should you succeed to want you “If
time). still is there (but listened! you hope houses—I buying &amp; looking start to everybody told I ago years Two
will. I Ellie Thanks @ellie_sinclair
tuned! Stay @billmaher @Mattingly27
see. We'll @SandyInu
Chris. luck enough--good hard not But @LetendreLarry @Cletendre21
NYC. League Athletic Police to money the send Larry @LetendreLarry
place. great A too@ Me @VictorFrisina
Kissinger A. Henry - alone.” stand to occasionally willing is he unless name the deserve not does leader “A
charity. for used being is $5M that day less one is me dodges he day Every @billmaher. from hear to waiting Still
year. great a have will He Open. Insurance Farmers the in self old his like playing is .@TigerWoods
again. play never and favor a Yankees the do should A-Rod
http://t.co/TO29ptB3 Mar-a-Lago. at party a at Houston Whitney with am I Here
happy. too be Can’t @60Minutes. on Hilary and Obama between fest love night’s last after feels @JoeBiden how wonder I
Republicans? the to referring when party” stupid “the phrase the using for one stupid the @BobbyJindal Gov. Is
use. to phrase a Dems given has he Now party”. stupid “the as Republicans the to referred @BobbyJindal Gov.
grave! his in spinning is Wallace Mike gloves--- kid with Obama President treats Minutes” “60
income. the than higher is maintenance the turbines--- wind down closing is government Spain's
Ann. Thanks @hellcat1963
Dope! @DanSchreibs
Christopher. Thanks @CHRIISXEDGE
True! @CelebApprentice @latoyajackson @OMAROSA @BeaumontAnthony
Billionaire a Like Think – have.” you job the not want you job the for Dress remember: “Always
@jack_welch - be.” to it wish you as or was it as not is it as reality “Face
combat. in women seeing like don’t I but fashioned old I’m Maybe
answer. the for tuned President—stay for run have should I not or whether asking are people of Lots
portend? that does What ratings. low record had inaugural Obama's President
so! you told I http://t.co/IWxtjMr8 taxes and costs healthcare rising about worried truly are businesses small U.S.
us! to thanks no But http://t.co/PSBtMs2C program nuclear their with 'difficulties' having are Iranians The
her. love fans Our All-Stars. @CelebApprentice of season upcoming the in game her of top the at is .@lisarinna
warming. global that all be Must brutal. is country the across weather cold freezing The
turbines. ugly wake—stop their in people of numbers tremendous affecting is syndrome turbine Wind
guy. stand-up and solid very ago—a years Colorado Aspen in @JohnKerry Senator know to Got
True! @InTheHere
Matt. Thanks @mfantauzzo1
True! @GuinnessCode
True! @MarcoMateoOchoa
much! Not @mjhockey113
ridiculous. It’s high. too far are taxes right—California is .@PhilMickels0n_
@pbpost dying. It’s sleep. to put be Post--should Beach Palm newspapers—The dumbest country’s the of One
service. and product their love reason—I fashioned old for ago year a stock @JohnDeere Bought
http://t.co/BM4fzwH3 primary @GOP in staying &amp; fracking start must NY why @PhilMickels0n_ discussing @seanhannity w/ interview Radio
Year—thanks! the of Transaction as Miami in Doral of purchase my nominated just ALIS the Wow
Deal The of Art The – focus.” total is big thinking to keys the of “One
assume. should you risk much how That’s lose? to stand you can money much How question: simple one to down comes all It
Birthday. Happy @trapasso2501 @Kevin_Johnson68
smart! and hard Work @VoiceNationLIVE
Nick. Hi @burnerirons
Ford Henry -- remedy.” a find fault find “Don't
Thanks. that! says Everybody @RDPomin
Yes. @billmaher @NurseRichRange
countries! other many And @Alyx518
it! doubt I But @DrakeFrisby
true! But @PrimetimeEmmys @hamodavo
pleasure. My @scootysee
Doral. at time wonderful a tone--have your liked just Elliot--I @Elliotg1959
Great! @enjorgetamez
honor. Dirks--my Thanks @DirksMathias
Yes. @freeillinois
real! 100% @JoeBaker1234
them! destroy to out is Obama careful. be better Republicans The
Matthew! Thanks @MattyP941
wishes. best and Nathalie--Thanks @NathalieS_29
records! her Check @kirstenpowers10 @gretawire @3_lilmonkeys
years. 5 in me thank will You buy. to time great a Still improving. slowly is market estate real The
term... second his in early legislation warming global major push Obama Watch
us! at laughing is China killer. job a and economy the for ...Terrible
you! Thank 2012.” impact brand “top for television all on #1 was @CelebApprentice that reporting in nice very was @nytimes The
concise. Be @VanessCeballos
continues! havoc and chaos of streak His season. this All-Stars @CelebApprentice to returns .@THEGaryBusey
Street. Wall 40 of acquisition my on Focus Instincts.” “Basic Big Think of three chapter read assignment: Today’s
idea--enjoy! Good @denoforensics
thanks. and Great @jutkarsh
true! So @AlexSalmond @David_Cameron @euan888
turbines. beauty--no great Scotland's save will Euan--We Thanks @euan888
ok? that's but names me call They @gretawire @sbair115
windfarms. by destroyed be will it &amp; Scotland in born was mother my Because @vincegraff
advice. bad very had He @cynthiawebster
Great! @MaxwellPearson
place! great a at time great a Have @Elliotg1959
resonate! not did sadly Thanks--Romney @nicolenulton
Justin. Hi @jwizzle03
waste. complete A http://t.co/ufOONVXo down shut to paid being now are farms Wind
http://t.co/bvU10PdT TIMES” YORK NEW BUYING IN INTEREST DENY' OR CONFIRM 'CANNOT COUNSEL TRUMP - “EXCLUSIVE @BreitbartNews: Via
girlfriend? Weiner’s Anthony she dummy—wasn’t a is Powers Kirsten wrong Greta—you’re .@gretawire
hands. @AlexSalmond’s into right playing is @David_Cameron turbines wind ugly Scotland’s to subsidies massive give to continuing By
it! love I and true That's @mathewi @dkberman @BillKingLanark
reason. the not is That @SecurityLecture
change. can it true--but Sadly @hellcat1963
Nick. Thanks @logisticshelp
Trump! is It @MrJPL
destruction! turbine wind from it saving am am--I I Yes @CoryMacRae
property. the marketed I how on Focus Deal. the of Art The of Location’ Tiffany The Tower: ‘Trump 7 Chapter read assignment: Today’s
Big Think - life.” in do you what matter no successful be to going never are you or do you what love to have "You
@NBC. to loyal stay I badly—but me wants network television every Almost
@CelebApprentice. for deal big standpoint—a commercial the from about all is television what is impact brand Top
surprise! no stir- a quite caused has others all &amp; Factor X Survivor Idol of ahead 2012” impact brand “top having .@CelebApprentice
buy! to now Macy’s to Go look. fantastic—unbelievable collection—it’s shirt &amp; tie new my saw just I
Andey. Thanks @rodstewart @AndeyR
enjoy. and Thanks @crconnections
Friedman Milton - nonwork.” subsidizes and work taxes increasingly that system a have “We
you. Thank @MELANIATRUMP @daveydanger @tomclaridge84 @Larkyjunior
Scott. Thanks @MELANIATRUMP @scotty752
deal. a made Bill—you on Come charities. various to giving am I which owes he $5M the me sent yet not has .@billmaher
food! Sirio--great Thanks @LeCirqueNYC
speed. full at momentum your keep and focused be hard Work @GZervs
back. fighting are countries other many &amp; Scotland of people The monstrosities? turbine wind on lately silence the notice you Do
True! @mamaberg63
Thanks. @unique4x
luck! Good Great! @amilcaralvarez
thanks. and hard Work @dtraiNYC
true! That's @brogfro
Thanks. @trentdav
worker. American the for unsustainable is This http://t.co/u9gb8nY9 jobs 566000 over cost China with deficit trade our alone 2010 In
Enjoy! Care. Obama by consumer the to tax Another http://t.co/9yE9RWFH digits double by rising are premiums insurance Health
be. to it want intelligence &amp; will good of people if solved be cannot which problem world no is There
oil. the without Iraq left we believe can’t still I
EST pm 9 at NBC on 3rd March @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins @asphipp
Republicans? the with on going is what me tell Please
oil.' 'big from money accepting problem no have Democrats the guess I http://t.co/ny2KsoLs inaugural Obama's to $250g donated Exxon
money. more even lose will service postal US the Now again. once up going are Stamps
leader. great A @IsraeliPM. serving longest the be now will He victory. electoral his on @netanyahu to Congratulations
sings. he Yes season. All-Stars @CelebApprentice upcoming the in delivers @TraceAdkins demand popular by Back
http://t.co/pMcJU0Fs investment” for place terrific is “Europe @cnni in column my read to sure Be
home... original magnificent their of out moved have never should Times York New The
location! worse much a in building office ugly truly a in space occupy to order in ...
me! lost profit—they massive a for it flipped buyer the &amp; peanuts for building long-time beautiful their sold Times York New the When
Jordan Michael – trying.” not accept can't I But something. at fails everyone failure accept can “I
embarrassed! am I &amp; Republican a am ceiling—I debt the extending are Republicans the believe cannot I
Big Think - problems." tough to solutions creative find to ability your on yourself “Pride
http://t.co/y45SSfYx @MELANIATRUMP. to Anniversary 8th Happy
election? that lose Romney did How http://t.co/ueN8vMtz term first Obama's during force work the left Americans 8332000 Over Scary.
media? the Where’s yet? Algeria in happened what public the told House White the or Obama Pres. Has
irresponsible! been have they Instead responsible. fiscally be could they so @GOP for House the delivered Party Tea The
interview? that do Lance did Why Te'o! Manti on focused was everyone that was Lance for week last from positive One
http://t.co/ailvQ2ML shoot- photo 2013 Spring @IvankaTrump's of video scenes the behind great this Watch
base. their ignoring are they ceiling' debt the 'ignore to proposing With approval. general their about worried always are Republicans
Pathetic! months. four for ceiling debt suspend to offered just have Republicans) as known (otherwise history in negotiators worst The
soon! well Ellis--get @ritter1025
luck. good and Thanks @adkradio
forever. healthy stay &amp; fast better Barbara—get .@BarbaraJWalters
Carson. to hello say do--and I @ghosttoast99
compliment. great you--a Thank @Marvelle
going. you keep to passion need You do. to love you what doing are you sure Make @AnthonyNoTweet
guy! solid touch Idol—great American on excellent is .@KeithUrban
http://t.co/FoPk0FvE trailer” first All-Stars' “@CelebApprentice @EW: Via
true! Sadly @lynn5101953
Heidi. Thanks @hmachann
Steve! Thanks @stevegpritchett
Jedi. Thanks @JediJerad
http://t.co/87S4UoHU @Israel to visits past and @netanyahu @IsraeliPM of endorsement video my discussing interview @Shalom_TV My
truth--thanks. political the tell Only @PhakzenVanKlipz
guy! dumb a And @BostonGlobe @Albertenstein
wrong. were you fired?--and got who editor terrible a were You @jeffjarvis
True! @TheCleverLoop
http://t.co/CxYc0moW Mar-a-Lago. at @RodStewart with am I Here
country! of good do--for I course Of @BarackObama @JustJoanne247
area. small Easy--only @robds101
beyond! Way @ichrisandrews
so! Hope @CrewSawyer
Bobbie. Thanks @brwneyesnbama
visit. your Thanks--enjoy @Bretty1973
Tiffany. Thanks @Titi1211
thanks. and do You @selfminted
Barb. thanks nice Very @GIL1FRESNOCA @sprinkler22
Timothy. Thanks @TheDarangatang
interests. entrepreneurial with those for choice good a is Touch Midas @mscijihenderson
papers. test Te’o’s Manti off cheat never will you that promise must You
away! go don't I @Gonzobeachboy
it! like looking Not @billmaher @MattONU
Winning! @KennicotAsks @souljaboy @MeattHead_
no-name! loser a like sound really You @CoCo471031
not--thanks. Casandra--It's @BarackObama @Kaszie
that! do to smart too is He @BarackObama @tubby511
Thanks! @mikayladreyer
Thanks! @BarackObama @TorresTerrell
country! our for success Just @BarackObama @Coteter
enjoy! and Thanks @HoltonHancock
EST pm 9 at @NBC 3rd March Sunday on Myriam--starts Thanks @MooreReva
it! with well do &amp; Emil--great @eakrogh
price! big a paying now he's Well @lancearmstrong @chididdy57
effectively. or properly ideas of power their using aren’t Republicans the that is confidence new-found Obama’s of Part
emboldened. feels really he it--wow know we as country this change to wants he indicates speech Obama’s
ones! good really some recommend can available--or always am I negotiator chief a need Republicans the If
now! deal great the ceiling—make debt the extend don’t Republicans
respect! his earned not obviously have Republicans—they toward combative very was speech President’s The
Churchill Winston - vice." real the losses consider I vice; a are profits think "Socialists
cents... and percentages as such finances your in numbers small the to attention “Pay
proud. is pageant USA Miss terrific! absolutely be will She @SuperBowl. cover to @_KatherineWebb hired has @InsideEdition hear to Glad
http://t.co/EdZOR9kV free’ ‘gun as homes their designate to refusing reporters News Journal shows video new @JamesOKeefeIII’s Hypocrites!
down. back will one Neither @CelebApprentice! Star All of season 13th in @latoyajackson &amp; @OMAROSA between fireworks the for ready Get
Express Evening via http://t.co/9dCwjRcy charity for Scotland in Trump” Donald with round for $130000 bids “Golfer
smart. play and wisely battles their pick must Republicans The Republicans. the for tough very to going is term second Obama’s
http://t.co/DVyAO3Hg branding #1 @CelebApprentice &amp; plan debt @GOP inauguration Obama’s Pres. discussing interview @foxandfriends My
country. the for job great a does @BarackObama Pres. that hope should we Democrat or Republican a are you ...Whether
term... second his in luck of best the @BarackObama President wish I
2012. of all for television on branding in show 1 number the was @celebrityapprentice reports Wow...NYT
again! great America make to now together come must Democrats and Republicans
Matt tomorrow Birthday Happy @MattMogul
Deal the of Art The winning. of afraid decisions making of afraid success of afraid are people most because small think people Most
thanks. and Yes @EAWIII
Thanks. @Deadspin @AgnesphAgnes
Big Think - haul.” long the for focused stay and day every action "Take
@BostonGlobe via http://t.co/Vwe34qk9 Maher” Bill on waiting Dana-Farber “Trump
state. rich truly a be would NY revenue. in millions and jobs of Thousands Frack. should York New
Hank. Thanks @bighank500
negative! Not @brookychan
Nick. Thanks @Deadspin @NMonastra
http://t.co/0wFKtnpD memorabilia. my of some with .@_KatherineWebb
Yes. @northsydgirl
Steve. Thanks @sdoocy
ways. winning his to back is Bret – Spoiler @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th to returns triumphantly @bretmichaels Champion
losers. total are They @Deadspin @lcf42
Wrong! @Brunhooooo
Thanks. @cmedenise
losers! Sad @Deadspin @CrossingBroad @ThePhilliesGirl
Thanks. @efswagner
her. adore I but can't She @AMalfas
compliment. great Patrick--a Thanks @BuzzFeedPSA @ISHIMWEPatrick
lesson. sad anymore—a nice be to not others &amp; me teach will response disgusting .@Deadspin’s
leaving? is guy best money—and or graciousness understand don’t it—they make never will .@Deadspin
media. the in others by them from taken payday big their had @Deadspin Dummies
capitalized! media complexions—other bad their under from right stolen story their had losers—they total are guys .@Deadspin
back! be they’ll Dame—but Notre for good girlfriends—not real &amp; football real has team their saying are people Alabama
win. not did he vote—thankfully Heisman the for sympathy get to order in this did Te'o say still I
stupid. very he’s time—or all of cons great the of one is girlfriend imaginary Te’o’s
Armstrong! Lance for terrible and @Oprah for great was interview The
interview? that do ever he did Why life. his destroy totally to Armstrong Lance got she that amazing great-- was .@Oprah
him! follow will failure &amp; Lawsuits night. last harm great himself did Armstrong Lance
shoe. O'Neal's Shaquille That's @_KatherineWebb @tman99us
http://t.co/F8Pyk326 in... winner total a also is She heels. in 6'5" is- @_KatherineWebb beautiful and tall how believe wouldn't You
http://t.co/JpnAzwu4 today. hello say to by stopped @_KatherineWebb Alabama Miss
U.S. the in resort top the be will it completed Once http://t.co/N0llzAsJ schedule on right are renovations Doral’s Trump
penalty! his paid has He Fame. Of Hall Baseball the in be now should Rose Pete leader hit time All
company! great @Boeing- in stock bought just I so 787- of because down way went stock .@Boeing
hide. and corner a into go to better is it sometimes problems- financial and legal huge Armstrong Lance cause will Oprah with interview The
thinking?" I was "what himself to saying he's Oprah-- with interview the do didn't he wishes Armstrong Lance bet I'll
funny. actually is that someone @DennisDMZ- back bring and @BillMaher fire should .@HBO
Sominex. than better sleep--- to get me helping for great is show .@BillMaher’s
afford. can’t he offers making stop will he maybe and pot the on back cut to needs .@BillMaher
notice. demand a with him presented just we charity--- to committed he million 5 the me given not still has @BillMaher Dumbass
before. than now popular more much is he thinking- was everyone what saying by favor great a himself did Musburger Brent
correct! politically so being stop broadcasting--- to disgrace a was Musburger) apology(Brent .@ESPN’s
Trophy. Heisman the get to sympathy for hoax a in involved was Te’o Manti IMO---
hoax? a it is or met never he girl a with love in fell Te’o Manti that age new be just it Can
stupid.... very either is He died. then she met- never he girl a with year one for love in was Te’o Manti that believable Not
con). a (or troubled mentally ...or
fiasco. Te’o Manti the exposing for @Deadspin of Burke Timothy and Scocca Tom to Congratulations
http://t.co/52UMXtcE 3rd! March Sunday premieres @ApprenticeNBC Celebrity All-Star ever first The
hell. be now will life His recently. including himself to did he what hated just I Armstrong- Lance liked always have I Look
again. over it do to chance the had he wishes he bet I’ll Oprah. to up opening by mistake big really a made Armstrong Lance
advice! bad veryvery given was Armstrong Lance
years. the over percent 50 down already is readership News Journal
business. of out go would paper (guns)- info their revealing for News Journal the sued everybody If
you. Thank @thesween_bean
you. Thank @msmaddiexo
Burnett. Mark to Write @manc999
Great! @colinhaney
you. Thank @KingOf_Class
you. Thank @SimonNWrestler
No @kidsalty
did! I you- Thank @MeeMawBellefleu
http://t.co/Xekz6GTm dog! a like fired fact in ABC- from fired got he when clip @BillMaher this remember anyone Does
up! shut to him told have must lawyers His word. a responded...not not has @billmaher
himself! on them brought He @ProtagonistHero
3rd. March @belikehannah
Morgan P. J. -- farther.” see to able be you'll there get you when see; can you as far as “Go
enjoy. and Thanks @quiteefranklee
3rd. March @quiteefranklee
luck. good and Christian Thanks @ChristianFranzH
them. from more trillions borrowing be will We salivating. yesterday conference press Obama’s watched China
champion. true a is Derek @yankees. for field the on practicing is and boot his removed just Jeter Derek hear to Glad
together. people bring must leaders Great support! life on is Obama President under country Our
long! too lasted that lie big a but lie big a it was only Armstrong—not Lance Re
Israel? supports or comments past his of any for sorry is Hagel Chuck that believe really anyone Does
year... a dollars of billions of hundreds transferring singlehandedly "We’re
Tough Get To Time policy.”- stupid It’s guts. our hate that countries OPEC to ...
... http://t.co/8nz9uLd8 touch’ of ‘out is Congress @GOP think voters Republican of 63% itself. burying is @GOP
not. hope I coming? party third a Is ...
Antoine. Thanks @kingantoine1
beautiful. &amp; smart is @CelebApprentice--she Star All of season 13th the to returns @BrandenRoderick Year the of Playmate .@Playboy
truth the telling he’s if knows who but --- others and officials implicate now will Armstrong Lance that is word The
Big Think - too.” it do can You success. financial for method personal my is work “Hard
Billionaire a Like Think – investor.” dead a is investor dumb A invest. you before homework your “Do
Wrong! @8zz8
well. very storm to up held course Scotland @antbaxter @Sheriffbrody
storm. monster despite well very up held Wrong--course @mrjamesmack
well. very storm to up held No @JaneyGodley
us. to does China China—like to sell and U.S. in manufacture would Jeep that believe to led were We
Stupid! don’t. we plants demands China China. in sold and U.S. the in made things taxes China U.S. Unlike
fees! of happy—lots very be will lawyers tenfold—his increased just have him against lawsuits &amp; liability Armstrong’s Lance
over! officially now is life doing—his he is What breakdown. a having is Armstrong Lance
so. you told I soon.” agreement production China expects Jeep “Chrysler’s Bloomberg: From
@Patriots Brady! Tom or Belichick Bill Kraft Bob against bet Never
Bradley. Thanks @bradleycmc
luck. good and Thanks @pattilee22
Deal the of Art The - much.” worth not it’s it about know don’t people if but world the in product wonderful most the have can “You
Patton S. George -- bottom.” hits he when bounces he high how but climbs he high how by success man's a measure don't “I
enjoy. Thanks @theHunterWatts
Thanks. @BennyDoesTweets
http://t.co/0DbXHopv Obama Under Occurred Have Casualties Afghan of 72% 1484: press? the Where’s
again. great America make U.S. the rebuild home troops our ever—bring war” “longest our is war Afghan the that believe you Can
time. up pay it’s bet the loses and dollars” ten you bet “I’ll says someone If
newspapers... the read to have You information. for sponge a is investor savvy “A
@MELANIATRUMP... wife my watch to network QVC the to EST 6:00PM and EST 6:00AM at 15th January in tune Please
collection! Jewelry” Fashion &amp; Timepieces “Melania® 2013 first her debut ...
warming! Global Lebanon. across and Jerusalem in snowing is It
U.S.! the rebuild -- money our wasting keep we should Why withdrawal. speedy a have should We Afghanistan. on Obama Pres. with agree I
for! vote you what get You hikes. tax new the feel to starting is Everyone
Tough Get To Time - generation." to generation from passed be to dependency welfare allowing about “compassionate” nothing "There’s
million? $5 have even he Does @billmaher. from response a for waiting Still
it. worth it’s so million $5 by benefit will charity show—but rated lowly @billmaher’s helping probably I’m Sadly
@GoldenGlobes! the with night last job great a did .@nbc
Room! Board the in fierce is She @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th the to returns @latoyajackson demand popular by Back
cards. their blew and hands his into right played Republicans The increases. tax more even for called Obama today predicted I as Just
President?! when change things guess I http://t.co/wTQ96Itg ceiling debt the increasing for vote not did Obama senator a as Remember
it. blew really @GOP lost. have would He election? the before conference press today's give to had Obama if imagine you Can
@PrimetimeEmmys politics. my for except times many Emmy the won have would I nominated while and many to According
Lance. away go Just denying? of years many after possible be that guilt—can admit to going now is Armstrong Lance
so. think television?—I on man dumbest the @billmaher Is
is! he pretends just past)—he his at look (just guy smart a not is @billmaher folks way the By
charity). (for million $5 has he hope trouble—I of lot a for in is @billmaher Dopey
thing. bad a necessarily secretive—not very is he that strange while shows handwriting Lew’s Jack analyst. handwriting a am I
amendment..... 14th the forgot President--they the by trap a into played been have Republicans The
fast. smart get they unless embarrassed very be will ...and
football. in seen ever have I play defensive touchdown—dumbest final allowed @Denver_Broncos believe can’t I
down! 3rd on passed have should Manning Peyton
@Patriots team. amazing an built having for Belichick Bill Coach and Kraft Bob to Congratulations
champion! great a and quarterback great a is he -- @Patriots Brady Tom to Congratulations
time! short a such in followers--and million 2 exceeded just have I Wow
Deal the of Art The - should.” you than more spending not in believe also I But to. have you what spending in believe “I
you. Thank @andyliz99
Bruckheimer Jerry - it.” above rise who heroes are there wherever or ship a on whether crisis a have you “If
you. Thank @RobertKarlPoker
try! will I @billmaher @theviz1
you. Thank @NormaWilcox
Thanks. @billmaher @ChrisPedersen80
agree. I @HoboShane
Thanks. @billmaher @Kmt9999
money. the me send to @billmaher on waiting Just charity. to million $5 @billmaher’s donate to wait can’t I
Billionaire a Like Think – machine.” money a is Education attention. pay school in still you’re “If
Mubarak. abandoned have should never We http://t.co/pVI6Rxju Iran with relations close have Brotherhood Muslim the Egypt in allies new Our
3rd. March @BrunetteLogic
USA. the Rebuild Nonsense! there. billions waste we and train we Afghanis the by killed being are troops Our Afghanistan. of out get Let’s
Birthday Happy @pellscuse11
right. is what do just should press--they the about worried always are Republicans The
great. does Stephen @StephenBaldwin. with @CelebApprentice Star All of season 13th the in represented well is family Baldwin The
motivation. provides That passion. have to have You love. you that work Find @DaveyD147
@BreitbartNews via http://t.co/Fqnu7K9C UP” PAY MAHER: BILL TO TRUMP “DONALD
@gatewaypundit via http://t.co/x7wBj4ae Him'" Sue I’ll 'Then – Bet Million $5 His Off Pay Not Does Maher Bill If Trump: "Donald
http://t.co/bjuBe3Kj bill $5M him sending and parents of insult @billmaher's discussing interview @FoxNews @seanhannity my of segment 2nd
http://t.co/VcXIWR2y cards their all lost &amp; negotiators terrible are @GOP discussing interview @FoxNews @seanhannity my of segment First
won't. I @Otgdy27
Thanks. @MakingTrevenue
you. Thank @JCRIV305
luck. good and Thanks @BowsByBaby
Great! @MichaelaLBrown @adambrownagency
see! we'll Thanks @Farmersagentn8
Thanks. @mikepassmore
won't. I @thomasm25221024
True! @JamieHumble
will! I @notksanymore
Thanks! @LaDaleBuggs
Melanie. Thanks @Melbelle96
Thanks. @Spot_O_TEA
Thanks. @richardrvaughn
Deal the of Art The - product." great a had also I but Tower Trump of out hell the promoted "I
luck. good and you Thank @tonytuanvu
True! @foxandfriends @MStuart1970
you. Thank @LaDaleBuggs
EST. o’clock 9 at Fox on tonight @hannityshow watch to forget don’t Again
John. Thanks @jayleno @billmaher @JohnJohn1787
Thanks! @MarioLopezExtra @shaminabaspr
Thanks. @jackiediop
Dana. Thanks @billmaher @dpdouglass
Thanks. @billmaher @FameWhoreBuster
Thanks. @billmaher @MichaelRhorer
Thanks. @tazracet
@TheEllenShow -- going." industry entertainment the keeps that thing biggest the It's gossip. love "People
Yes. @BaetensGert @henriwts
3rd March @MattOmell
http://t.co/pdeN2jsR @CelebApprentice @aeroleila7
http://t.co/MArtBvAp problem spending a have doesn't government the that Boehner told Obama President Scary.
Billionaire a Like Think - that." as simple as It's students. good are investors "Good
3rd. March starts season new Carly Thanks @carly_russell
Brandon. Thanks @billmaher @sellassellas
you. Thank @DjP3tieSmallzz @McGuire1978
Dorothy. Thanks @dkc628
you. Thank @luvintyger
luck. good and Thanks @Itsbrttanybitch
Jeff Thanks @The_JeffH
Thanks. @RayNealRay
Thanks. @jayleno @billmaher @joemillerwired
http://t.co/wXyE4677 @_KatherineWebb hiring &amp; offer $5M @billmaher's of acceptance my baby new @Rosie's discussing interview @extratv My
offer. absolute public a make you before law the check @billmaher: for rule New
@Zap2it via http://t.co/IKt92yEV attention" the about 'shocked' she's says offer job Trump Donald a gets Webb "Katherine
http://t.co/5c38hlwz million" $5 awaits certificate birth Maher Bill sends Trump "Donald @FoxNews: Via
star! a is Dennis time This @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th the in game A his brings @dennisrodman famer of hall .@NBA
Thanks. @KeithAsh_KASH
EST @Seame_huntin
Thanks. @Seame_huntin
Thanks. @BasqueGirl75
will! I @Sophiesmom78
will. I @billmaher @fultonrm
honor. My @infiniteyounow
great. are They True! @_KatherineWebb @robgoodwin72
great--thanks! are Chuck--you @billmaher @chuckwoolery
I. am So @ScottVH1
True! @billmaher @TheRealllJCole
will! I @billmaher @davidlemoinejr
True! @billmaher @Bertoldo1269
Thanks! @billmaher @Jarboni72
True! @billmaher @Mulligan672
won't. I @trinityjordan
Thanks. @billmaher @Lversaci
http://t.co/4V8DQiGp unwarranted was apology @espn's why and stardom @_KatherineWebb's discussing interview @eonline My
you. Thank @rhondaberment
Thanks. @storingmaysoul
Big Think - it." ignoring and no word the hearing frequently to used get to have you success a be to want you "If
tough! and interesting be Will o’clock. 9 at Fox on tonight @hannityshow doing be will I
charity! to goes All him. sue to forced be will I or accepted fully I which offer million $5 his with through comes @billmaher hope I
Billionaire a Like Think - brains." and work hard talent from grow does it but trees from grow not may "Money
Caesar Julius - things." all of teacher the is "Experience
Big Think - you." energizes that passion a Find do. they what about passionate are who people energy high are people successful "All
@CelebApprentice. Star All of season the13th in trouble more even cause to returns @THEGaryBusey back! He's
http://t.co/Inbux7xv judge" USA Miss for Webb Katherine wants Trump "Donald @eonline: Via
James luck Good -- Great @QueyNewton @Jimmy_Farney
you! Thank @EricTrump @BradyMagic
you. Thank @StJude @rosannascotto @MyFoxNY @EricTrump @HomesWestfield
year. record a had Org Trump http://t.co/WexTe74I 2012 in jobs 81000 added industry travel - economy lackluster in spot bright Small
term. 2nd his to Welcome http://t.co/buNU2IuD control gun for Order Executive an use to threatening now is Obama starts. it how is This
@NewYorkObserver via http://t.co/F0VqBNE0 Defense" For Wrong Hagel: "Chuck
term! second Obama's to Welcome SOD. for http://t.co/ZHdfNN5k Iran &amp; http://t.co/8zmnZgLr China by endorsed been has Hagel
incident. national a becomes it them about things bad say I if but me about things bad such say can people that amazing It’s
knew?! Who TV. on is he out find to surprised was I yesterday. show his on me about something said @MartinBashir Apparently
http://t.co/ucAC22nL Mar-a-Lago at Invitational Trump annual first the covering spot @extratv's Watch
opposite! The @Tappersong
luck. Good Thanks. @brose783
Interesting. @aynbluefish
think)! (I Thanks @DavidBlanch
true! Not @TheAuthenticKJ @BrittanyToll
Thanks. @jayleno @billmaher @YouCanCallMeR
great! are Chelsea--you Thanks @MissUSA2005
charities. the to given be immediately can money this that so quickly pays @billmaher hope I
victims.... Sandy Hurricane Dimes of March York League-New Athletic Police are: donations @billmaher's for designated have I charities The
Center. Cancer Farber Dana the and Society Cancer ...American
show). @jayleno the on (made charity for me to paid offer million $5 @billmaher’s accepted have I
documentation. necessary and notice demand @billmaher sent have Lawyers
easy! Not @milkncookies70
do. I and have I @nicolewalker20
agree. people Many @RNC @Rosegalwines
thanks. Great @drehm010
Great! @DJT_biggest_fan
thanks! and Great @lilkubes
that! like him seen never show—I’ve @jayleno the on me about talking nervous so was .@billmaher
Thanks. @marioraez1
done! than said Easier @AuthenticSig22
No. @nolanitenyc
Sandra. Year New Happy @sandramdocer
does. she what at great is @gretawire True. @Adam4integrity
Interesting! @TNMouth
incompetence. hate I but No @Samco42
job! Great @LEADERSMag
it! like Seems @TracyN3109
up! give Never Frank! fighting Keep .@FranksFight
Kristine Birthday Happy @kristine_kaplan
Jude St to donation million $20 Foundation's Trump Eric discuss to Price David and @rosannascotto w/ 5 Fox on today (EST) am 9 at Eric Watch
Goldwyn Samuel - day.” any genius stupid a over idiot smart a me “Give
Thanks @billmaher @jayleno @shineb4
Thanks! @Melpace
tuned! Stay @dalasner
terrific. is LaToya @latoyajackson @CelebApprentice @Haley_Loyal
terrible. True--just @KyleMcCall4 @dasboot96
far. here--by be it rather would Great--I @schutzhund007
tuned! Stay @billmaher @CJohnson623
Joe. Thanks @Joeisterrific
True! @KevinM_Mielke
hard. Work @USFiscalSanity
fantastic. She's @caarlatwiter
True! @C_A_Pearson
view! Interesting @TweetsFromNancy
great! are should--they You @AlabamaFTBL @conniegrn777
Big Think - power.” to key the is knowledge game this “In
you. Thank @381days
Sean. Thanks @Seanelmi
3rd. March @CelebApprentice @RyanMjAnderson
yet! biggest The @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th upcoming the in tasks the love to going are fans The
Vegas. Las in up coming Pageant USA Miss the at judge a be to Webb Katherine ask to going are We
winners! both are They McCarron. AJ and Webb Katherine couple... great a What
her! of proud are ..We Organization USA Ms. the of representative great truly a been has Webb Katherine Alabama Miss
Billionaire a Like Think – results.” through is people impress to way best The success. breeds “Success
Thanks! @TheTeaParty_net @bonbon823
will! I @newsbusters @MrDewMaster
great--thanks! is It @Thee_FrankG
you. Thank @rilwanemeje
you. Thank @HLDRPiper73
Thanks. @DelonMackenze
reminder--thanks. Great @BillRancic @TVTango
http://t.co/Y3hDxIO2 ‘Anti-Israel’ as Hagel praising Already Hagel. of nomination Obama’s with happy sure are Iranians The
them? support to claims Obama when Iran against sanctions opposes who Defense of Sec. for someone nominate ever Obama would Why
Ethan Hi @ethwhite
night! last championship BCS the winning on @AlabamaFTBL to Congratulations
year.”http://t.co/VV1IqUjU the of course “Golf Scotland Trump named just Odyssey Golf
course.”http://t.co/VV1IqUjU new “best Scotland Trump named just Magazine Wow—Golf
Grant. Thanks @grant_wyeth
Great! @TheAmandaRose
address. send Yes @adkradio
True! @CelebApprentice @infiniteyounow
Thanks. @foxandfriends @TonifReardon
True! @vibow54
Great! @IvankaTrump @whitneykray
Big Think life.”- in big anything do never will you things big doing of dream even cannot you If do. will you what is about dream you “What
Deal the of Art The - it.” make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst “The
blind! us robbing is China http://t.co/qae9jpzZ US the in jobs manufacturing US of 29% over killed has China with Trade
Thanks! @MegAlove04
right. are You @FrankMDavisJR
week your start to way Great ratings. big get to continues interview Monday @foxandfriends’ my hear to Glad
luck. good and hard thanks--work @yfentrepreneur
Thanks @piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar @HShoyeb
@RealJoeNamath - things.” amazing do can you fun have you when And fun. of lot a have can you confidence have you “When
wasted. be will capital political much Too fight. the need doesn’t He Obama. for move wrong the is SOD for Hagel Chuck Nominating
taxes. more for appetite Obama’s whetted only for voted they deal stupid that predicted I as Just happy. are Republicans the hope I
Beach. Palm in held event equestrian 1st the was and charity for millions Raised success. huge a was Mar-a-Lago at Invitational" "Trump
Birthday Happy .@ewanshearer
year! big really a have to going are wishes--you good the for Thx .@ArsenioOFFICIAL
@WPTV via http://t.co/vpQMNqlK Mar-a-Lago” at Invitational' 'Trump first-ever hosts Trump “Donald
http://t.co/1JFNWynq next go we where &amp; making deal terrible Republicans nomination Hagel Chuck discussing interview @foxandfriends My
luck. good and Morgan Hi @LibertyU @prncsmo_
hard! Work @jkaburu
you! Thank @V3CEO
http://t.co/IHjIE0sa @CelebApprentice Star All ever first the from cast the of photo amazing this at look a Take
Churchill Winston - up." give never never "Never
3rd. March @CelebApprentice @panchOopanchOo
3rd. March @dianahartnett
it. love will fans loyal and great Our here. envelope the pushed really We unique. is @CelebApprentice Star All of season 13th The
downs. and ups its has everything remember and focused positive stay - world business the entering entrepreneurs young all To
week. next productive be you help will and mind your for Important weekend. the enjoy to time some take you sure Make
Birthday. Adele--Happy @AdeleBrumley
True! @SammyPotatoes
Year. New Happy and Thanks @NYPatriots4Life
Thanks. @_msccc
Deal the of Art The - after." I'm what get to pushing and pushing keep just then and high very aim "I
it! at up--keep give Never @KWierzba
Big Think - day." every goals those toward action sustained and goals big from comes "Wealth
Year. New Happy and Jack Thanks @jacksback2009
it! love will You @RealKyleMorris
this! says Nobody @NeanderthalMan1
great! Not @littllow
True. @A123Meoli
you! Thank @richardkle
True. @pastorcab
True! @jmendowns
Chris Thanks @hellsbells116
on! catch didn't better--just do would Romney thought I Yes @ChartrandA
great! doing is Doral @pauljosephjr
Big Think - dreams.” big your enjoying time your “Spend
tenacity. in lessons for Up Give Never Try @nicksteinmetz
doing. you’re what know don’t you if lose and cards the all have can you that shows Just
ceiling. debt the for amendment the uses now Obama bet I’ll
one! bad a But @sldewey
true! and True @MS2202
Heidi. Thanks @lovebn40
doing. is @GovernorCorbett what love I @michelle88fan
promised! that Obama was it but acted just They @ahm1038
so! Perhaps @firefergee
so! you told I @CambriaCravy
Thanks @GrantGill
it! isn't about think to something is That @alancravey
businessmen. greatest world's the of many by occasion on used Something @MarkGhuneim
soon! begins Construction Towers. Trump with area port downtown Janeiro’s de Rio revolutionize going is Organization Trump The
deal! great a make to guts the not but cards the all had Republicans
recuperating. is she Glad Clinton. Pres. and @ChelseaClinton with yesterday hospital the leaving Clinton Sec. see to Great
victims? Sandy NY &amp; NJ the to money get can’t but schools &amp; roads building Afghanistan &amp; Iraq in billions waste can Congress and Obama So
doing? they are hell the foolish—what and weak so look Republicans The
bankrupt. went never I Dopey @jamesche85
great! was She @robynkonichiwa @TonyTurko
Billionaire a Like Think – well.” as soldier the you’re chief in commander the only not You’re army. one-man a as yourself of “Think
Thanks. @KSherrill_4
Thanks. @Chadfisher3
Wilson! @WesDunn
http://t.co/pdeN2jsR -- Yes @hsword_1
happens. what see Thanks--let's @georgeokc
place! Good @beverlism
it! like Sounds @RNC @TheSisko
@NBC! on 3rd March Premieres @CelebApprentice. Star All of season upcoming13th the in as intense as been never has boardroom The
Deal the of Art The - accomplish." finally you what but undertake you much how by not measured you’re end the “In
3rd. March @PashtunPrince
start. good a is Deal the of Art The @Fleur498
losers. are they because Mimi--perhaps @mimi_187
you! get I @SarahB205
complain. do I @jamesche85
question. your understand fully I @DrJoySchaffer
think! I Thanks @maverick1195
cards. their of all up giving rapidly are They made. be to deal stupid a such allowed leadership Republican believe can't I
http://t.co/iNQYwBSS Republicans” with Happy Not “Trump @politicalwire: Via
@BIZPACReview via http://t.co/Vepybjlm lunch’” our eating are countries ‘Other ‘cliff’: on Trump “Donald
Presbyterian. am I and Yes @Skyhawk442
True! @vikinggroup1
it. get won't probably he Wilson--but @PRDay
millions. the by And true! so that Isn't @jimmyscissor
mess! total A @prince1fares
tough. is party Third @GOP @GOP2014FTW
not. is Tina and winner a are down--you you get it let Greta--Don't @gretawire
games. playoff great be players--will special very are Luck &amp; @DangeRussWilson &amp; .@RGIII
Big yourself.”-Think for out look to look to have You government. the not friends your you--not help to going is nobody out strike you “If
Tower. Trump visited amount Record http://t.co/7EYwIes5 2012. in visitors million 52 over hosted City York New
http://t.co/XSX70Ibs State Penn of trustees the by made deal ridiculous the over @NCAA suing be to right @GovernorCorbett--he's to Congrats
them. at laughing is Obama pathetic. is It cuts. spending in $1 every for increases tax in $41 has for voted @RNC ‘deal’ This
negotiation.. coming the in taxes more even raise to looking be will measure.Obama gap stop a only is ‘deal’ this that realize you sure Make
so. you told ...Remember--I
term. 2nd his for paying be will everyone now in kicking taxes Care Obama With households. national of 77% on taxes raises deal Obama's
term. long for Bad http://t.co/jKhiHnOT leaving now are doctors of amount record that unpredictable so become have payments Medicare
History'”http://t.co/A2gyhDix In Negotiators Worst The Be May 'Republicans Trump: “Donald @HuffPostPol: Via
about. come parties third how in study case a as serve will negotiations failed and loss election .@GOP’s
elections. lose to continue will they not policy--if immigration positive &amp; strong a create &amp; reality face must Republicans The
Tough Get to Time – again.” respected—once nation—and rich a America make can we choices hard the make and tough get we “If
person. special a is Robin recovery. transplant marrow bone her in days 100 celebrating on @RobinRoberts to Congratulations
Deal the of Art The - reviews.” good get to nice also it’s you: kid to going not am I but instincts own my follow always “I
@HipHopNews24x7 via http://t.co/65p9n4m9 @CelebApprentice" Star All to back him welcomes and @LilJon praises Trump "Donald
http://t.co/3GS4mh7C amazing. was Club--it Mar-a-Lago the at celebration Eve Year's New the was Beach Palm in year the of party The
http://t.co/SfHiP1kr card ceiling debt Republican and curb the over going tone Obama’s discussing Monday from interview @foxandfriends My
negotiate? to ability the have Republican any Does
Republicans! for embarrassment an and country the for deal terrible a is This
so! hope House...I the in deal sided one this stop will Boehner Maybe
deal! big the thinking?...make McConnell Mitch is What
history! in negotiators worst the be may Republicans the Republican...but a am I
nothing! got Republicans made...the just they deal the at laughing are Democrats the and Obama
Year. New Happy be--and to place wonderful a it's Thanks @opus_6
yours. and you to Year New Happy thanks. nice--and Sounds @Earther57
BIG Think – fast.” backwards slipping start will you or more want to have You goals. higher and higher set to have “You
family! whole the for Great http://t.co/bZm5ljJE Park Central in Rink Trump famous world the in skate to sure Make City? York New Visiting
job. great a do they charities--and for money of sums large Raising @CelebApprentice @LilJon @sixelA1984
Deal The of Art The – it.” without deals make don’t “Leverage:
it. do probably will they So do. could Washington thing dumbest the is time economic fragile this in tax gains capital the Raising
start. good a is Deal the of Art The @phillykayman
fun! Thanks--have @WandaSalley
#MidasTouch doesn’t. who and books my reads who tell can I world. business the enter entrepreneurs young watching enjoy always I
be. shouldn't probably Defense--&amp; of Sec. named be not will Hagel Chuck nomination. prospective another on lose to going is Obama again Once
year. next them lowering for credit take can he so up go to taxes wants Obama
3rd. March @Nicholas_Lipton
back. credit our get can we so spending baseline in expenditures on cuts tangible have must curb fiscal the before completed deal Any
Focus! want. they everything get can They ceiling. debt the with cards the all hold again once Republicans The
you. Thank @Jess_Wiliem98 @Limka11
http://t.co/F7x6T4PH deal. great a make can &amp; must we why &amp; curb fiscal the point key is ceiling debt the how re: interview @gretawire My
boardroom. the in winners previous of return the features also @CelebApprentice Star All of season 13th setting record alert…the Spolier
@Livetradingnews via http://t.co/5SY7E3On Obama” and Cliff Fiscal on Trump “Donald
(1934-2012) Schwarzkopf Norman Gen. - " is. courage what that's anyhow job your doing and ahead going and afraid being is courage "True
him. like more use could leader--we and general terrific a was He Schwarzkopf. Norman General of passing yesterday’s of hear to Sorry
too. Year New Happy a yours and you Wishing you. Thank @ptlyons
luck. Good @mattmaddix
you. to Year New Happy Thanks--and @MikeyAdamsWEEI
guy! great a is Yes--he @lin0729
you. Thank @KryssiTooCool18
Yes! @MjTis
more--thanks. Even @alkapranos @JesseTMaguire
Good. @mayorgas
so! hope I @NYClights420
great! was She @MissUniverse @GiulianaRancic @its_nicca
BIG Think – problems.” impossible be to appear what to solutions creative finding at good very become must you successful be “To
win! will you and smart ceiling—be debt ceiling debt ceiling remember—debt Republicans
cliff? fiscal so-called the on solution a find to trying today waste Washington did time much How Thursday. It’s
Mac! welcome You’re @YouTube. on views million 73.5 crossed just http://t.co/YeBeTEfe Trump” “Donald .@MacMiller’s
listen. wouldn’t president—they Republican a have would we election--&amp; before come should talks ceiling debt the Republicans the told I
President. become to wanted never @MittRomney that work hard the of all after hearing hate I
him! love fans The @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th setting record the to returns @LilJon fabulous the demand popular by Back
U.S. the in resort finest the be will Doral National Trump completed are renovations When
fast! and --- progress making really is state the --- @FLGovScott to Congratulations
think. they than position stronger much a in are Republicans --- painful truly is done deal a get to trying politicians these Watching
http://t.co/j0eBmPhb Subsidies” Wind of Distortions Multiple “The - Gramm Phil Senator by column @WSJ read Must
Deal The of Art The – reflex.” natural a It’s decision. a make I before opinion an for everyone asking in believer great a “I’m
@mediaite via http://t.co/nOelhtkI It" Know Don’t They But Negotiation Cliff Fiscal In Weapon’ ‘Nuclear Has GOP Trump: "Donald
http://t.co/nftxdMC6 cards the has who and deal big the making negotiations cliff fiscal the discussing interview @foxandfriends Monday My
Christmas! merry very a all you wish to want yours...I to family my From
best! the is Regis Yes @lin0729
agree! I @Rosie @Skyhawk442
place! best the like Sounds @Earther57
Thanks! @ReighnSeed
Florida. Beach Palm in http://t.co/f5Bwq14l Mar-a-Lago than Christmas spend to world the in place better no is There
went. pageant #MissUniverse the well how with happy really .@NBC
luck. good and Thanks @MikeCosgrove1
Lisa Thanks @lovechild419
Deal The of Art The – deals.” big preferably deals making like I form. art my are “Deals
you. Thank @trondbertil
2008”http://t.co/TqBd1Fuo Since Best Viewers Million 6.1 -- Ratings Universe “Miss
Leah Birthday Happy @LeahNelBulos
Susan. you Thank @susanmahoneyxo
News Speaking Hispanically via http://t.co/abi47GWN Janeiro” de Rio in Complex Towers Trump Build to Trump “Donald
Graydon! Fire Inn? Beatrice restaurant food bad run to allowed Carter Graydon editor @VanityFair is How
interesting! leadership—very no trust gridlock—no total in is Washington
lawsuit. a want didn't past--they the in statement stupid your for me to apologized already bankrupt--ABC went never @Rosie--I Dopey
others! your all like fail will show the you uses Talent Got America's .@Rosie--If
Allison! Thanks @AllEECaTT21
Holidays Happy Jaime Thanks @examinercom @jaimeennis
so. hope I @mstang_13
Matt. Thanks @Zigmanfreud @PSU_Brush
@Rosie! like just self-destruct will who loser a is He @Nc777ww
True! @CRLindke
@Ariannahuff! like joke--just total a is Thanks--@HuffingtonPost @HyperspaceIT
Joey! Thanks @Joey_MoneyRacks
Billionaire a Like Think - hilt." the to live and hard play hard "Work
Lama Dalai - brightest." the in focus and days of darkest the in hope find "I
John Hi @chidrole
model. role wonderful a is She accomplished. and intelligent but beautiful only not is Culpo Olivia @MissUniverse new Our
winner! a are Kevin--Congrats--you @Cement_MIXa49
http://t.co/BrvnXEO3 again once downgraded be to about is rating credit US for. vote you what get You
Fun! @toddulu
Deal. the of Art The @klisitsin
move! Good @mdslhrst
terrific! both were They @GiulianaRancic @BravoAndy @candicebazuin
great! be will Apprentice The @KrystianDior
support... life on was it ago years 13 pageant #MissUniverse the bought I When
people—“hot!” billion 1 to countries 190 in broadcast earth”-- on pageant “greatest the it’s ...now
them!) like I (and me likes @NBC years. 4 in highest were pageant #MissUniverse for Ratings
SAD! http://t.co/2r9DHxHo 'progress' claiming are leaders our yet jobs our stealing and deficits trade in blind us robbing is China
dopey! wrong Very @VanityFair @pokerswayne
Justin. Thanks @jbresson
predicted! I as and Carter under bust went magazine Which @KBAndersen @VanityFair @RonCharles
proud! all us made and great did You world. the across from came who contestants #MissUniverse 2012 Trump the all to Congratulations
succeed. to passion need do--you you what love to have You @ellavdw
celebration. a for reason Good @JNorr11
life... in setbacks biggest the suffer often doers biggest "The
BIG Think - road." the in bumps inevitable the handle to guts the have to have you high aim to want you if So ...
will! I @MandiDeren
move! Great @VanityFair @rebamoreland
fun. but work Hard @GrantRebhun
Thanks! @MoruaGabriel
http://t.co/WZLt2SOx year. last over 15% increase Ratings Universe" Miss crowned is Culpo Olivia USA "Miss @AP: Via
http://t.co/7owdgBEs Pageant #MissUniverse Trump the in 2012 @MissUniverse as crowned Culpo Olivia @MissUSA Watch
SPY) (see fail always magazines His years. 25 for me on hit has Carter Graydon dope that No @VanityFair @OXSapphireXO
hard. will--work you and can You @random5
truth. the tell I Kevin Thanks @VanityFair @KevinKuhn5
sucks! food his Also shit! like looks and talent no has Carter Wrong--Graydon @VanityFair @DanForsley
counts! both on agree I @GreenerAG
free! me to it sends Carter Graydon don't. I @VanityFair @jimrobbins1973
@Telemundo! on simulcast first its with @nbc on 8PM at tonight #MissUniverse watch to sure Be
women! Secret Victoria’s the away blow totally women #MissUniverse The
@VanityFair loser! real a is He news. much...great too me like doesn't Carter Graydon Dummy
Thanks! @mattwiemeri
nicely. very her treated have would I have should she as mistake her for apologized Monnin Sheena If
deserved! she what got terribly...she acted Monnin Sheena
3rd. March @JNorr11
Pageant. Universe Miss the of telecast live the during is favorite your who tonight me Tweet
great! are They pageant. #MissUniverse tonight's co-hosting are @BravoAndy and @GiulianaRancic demand popular by Back
years. 3 in me thank will You now. Buy market. buyers’ a is This
far! all—by them of pageant biggest the is Pageant #MissUniverse The
Australia. India USA Mexico Brazil Venezuela about talking really are people Pageant
@NBC on pm 8 at tonight Santa as Pageant Universe Miss the open it—I’ll do to going I’m think I Okay
thin! really really boring really Really magazine! dying a like looks .@VanityFair
fired! be should Carter Graydon food magazine—bad @VanityFair of issue ever Worst
you. tonight--thank silence of minute re idea Great @agreatguy
easy! be won’t it heal—but to start now can CT Newtown hope I
Hepburn. Audrey young a star a been has Culpo Olivia .@MissUSA
ever! beautiful most amazing—the are contestants Universe Miss
it! about thinking tonight—I’m Universe Miss open to Claus Santa as dress to me asked They
o’clock. 8 at @nbc on tonight Pageant—airing Universe Miss the for Vegas Las In
@BillyGraham Rev. – stiffened.” often are others of spines the stand a takes man brave a When contagious. is “Courage
3 March Starts http://t.co/pdeN2jsR @playagaindesign
Deal The of Art The – approach.” one or deal one to attached too get never I flexible. being by myself protect also “I
Joe. Thanks @jtracy08
it. enjoyed you glad city and hotel great a It's @toddjoldbull
http://t.co/tpKJKCQh Party" Holiday Trump the during elegance with glow contestants Universe Miss "The @examinercom: Via
Jean Hi @jean_penny
one! great a be to out worked deal The wrong. all were They pageant. Universe Miss the buy to not me advised people Many
minute! every appreciate Must fragile. so is life how understand you makes really Newtown in tragedy The
together. pull to has country our Newtown of light In
@eonline via http://t.co/FeYJJi2A Claims” Rigged Following Victory Legal Million $5 Scores Pageant USA Miss Trump’s “Donald
monsters! creating is stopped—it be must glorification &amp; violence game Video
heartbreaking.#Angels Post York New the in Newtown in killed children these of photos the find I
Connecticut. #Newtown in remarks his in American every and me for spoke Obama President
today. pray to all encourage and leaders civic and religious President the with join I Americans. just all are thiswe like moments In
affected. tragically so families the of all to condolences My yesterday. country our and CT Newtown for day horrible A
http://t.co/wxrkXRsv terrible. and unreliable is energy the and touch--- they country every destroying are Windmills
bankrupt. went never I @mstacey9
bankrupt. went never I @UberFacts @C_waitforit_J
bankrupt. went never I @UberFacts @Lydia_xoxo
bankruptcy. for filed never I Dopey @UberFacts @dylawn420
true! and Derek- Thanks @daniellecfriel @derekwilkinson
great! sound you Hailey- Thanks @hailey_hustlerr
show. good Really @CelebApprentice. of anticipation in Tower Trump to letters sending been have fans of Thousands
@MarthaStewart - about.” all is business my what is love I things the “All
amazing! just is today Asia terrorize Pyongyang Watching
Lincoln Abraham -- have. you as enemies same the has who one is friend A
sad. really is It us. at laughing is China missile. a blasting from Norks the stop even can’t We
Big Think - do.” you what love to have You enjoy. not do you job a in trapped being than feeling worse no is “There
dog. a like him dropping of instead Mubarak backed have should We mess. total a is Egypt
show! beautiful a be Will @Telemundo. and @nbc both on simulcast be to excited so are Universe Miss Trump of contestants gorgeous The
#MIDASTOUCH succeed. they after me thank always They ventures. business their in colleagues and friends many helped have I
http://t.co/ws2ITHkM 2013 in workforce their cut to planning owners business small of 21% for. vote you what get You
in! Tune 3rd. March @CelebApprentice @pennjillette @Abspara
Birthday Happy @BrettNPU32
http://t.co/1AkHvq5U Angeles. Los Club Golf National Trump amazing The
it. for nothing got &amp; more spent Republicans ads—the bad like wasted money No
election? an win to how on Democrats the studying are Republicans the believe you Can
t.v. to--good me begged relentlessly he after @CelebApprentice Star’ ‘All of season 13th record the on back come @pennjillette let I
http://t.co/mdCfSdIh " 'hedgehog' windfarm into Scotland turn to plans over Nations United the to EU and UK takes grandmother "Argyll
up! give ever times)—never troubled these trouble—(in in you of those For
Teresa Anniversary Happy @tjtotty @RandyTotty
deal… best the is need you What location. best the need necessarily don’t You Estate: Real Re
work. and promotion through location enhance can …you
fragile. more it makes success anything If that. change doesn’t success and fragile very is Life Life: Re
Big bumps.”–Think the handle to able be have you high aim to want you if So life. in setbacks biggest the suffer often doers biggest “The
disaster. total a is This http://t.co/UEhTRx5G Egypt in Brotherhood Muslim the to F-16’s more even sending are we – Great
deal! great a make to leverage as ceiling debt the use must Republicans The
today? lost Glenfiddich has customers more many How Tuesday. It’s
show! ‘beautiful’ and entertaining an deliver again once will 19th December on @Telemundo and @nbc on simulcast Universe Miss Trump
in! 3rd--tune March @Bahleezy
Deal The of Art The - things.” exciting great do who players exciting great – stars watch to come They winners. like “Fans
@CelebApprentice. Star’ ‘All of season 13th record the in returns @THEGaryBusey before! ever than trouble more causing and back He’s
@FoxNews via http://t.co/PD6RxccF Wintour.” Anna is them of one out turns it And friends. powerful many has Trump Donald "Mogul
@mediaite via http://t.co/mfnOWTaL Country’" The To Favor ‘A Be Would Ambassadorship Wintour Anna Trump: "Donald
@BreitbartNews @mboyle1 by http://t.co/1fTZB0qJ ELECTIONS" PRESIDENTIAL WIN TO ROVE 'USELESS' DUMP MUST GOP "TRUMP:
worst... the anticipating deal the into go always I #2: tip Negotiation
itself. of care take always will good worst—the the with live can you worst—if the for plan you ...If
it. make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst The #1: tip Negotiation
bad. getting really it’s companies-- our of many so buying is China
stop" full course links best the is it UK the in course links new best the not is this simply “Quite course Scottish my re: .@GolfMonthly
you Thank @NathalieS_29
Cody Thanks @hopewellcody
hard! Levi--Work Birthday Happy @LeviThompson93
country. killing news Good subsidies. turbine wind halting about thinking seriously is UK The
@Patriots Bill! Sorry Bob. him called incorrectly--they Belichick Bill friend my to message my tweeted dope Some
Touch Midas time." of test the stands that foundation solid the That's brand. your to true being equals yourself to true "Being
Big Think enjoyment." the by out balanced be will difficulties the work your love you "If
tonight. Belichick Bill Coach and Brady Tom Kraft Bob to luck Good
Deal The of Art should."-The you than more spending not in believe also I But to. have you what spending in believe "I
useless. is He @KarlRove. of rid get must they years 30 next the in election presidential a win to want ever Republicans the If
all. lost &amp; million $400 spent @KarlRove how get don't still I
everyone. for deal Good property. the buy to stands still offer My wrong. is It planned. where up go not should Mosque Zero Ground The
work! peoples’ the doing Busy http://t.co/YvjkqKe2 week last Congress from ‘lunatic’ word the banned Congress in lunatics The
Deal The of Art The - on.” catch eventually will people goods the deliver don’t you If long. for not least at people con can’t “You
playoffs. the make will they table the run they If yesterday. @nyjets the by win Great
fight! great A Pacquiao. Manny on Marquez Manuel Juan by Saturday on knockout Great
China. for news great but us for Dangerous http://t.co/joS4tjDA spends it dollar every on cents 46 borrowing is government The
richer. even China making busy is U.S. http://t.co/tt9BZwxR year last housing US in $7B over up bought They smart. are Chinese The
backs. our on deals great making is China http://t.co/0xBsByf6 $5.5B for out bailed we which AIG of unit a acquire to about is China
companies. both like I but spectrum the of ends Two McDonald's. and Company &amp; Tiffany in stock bought just I
fool. total loser—a of kind worst the are @Lord_Sugar—you Sugar Dopey
have. you money peanut the of instead rich really been have might you year a in gone be would iPod the say didn’t you If .@Lord_Sugar
Donald you Thank Say Apprentice. known--The became you which on platform the created having for me thank should You @Lord_Sugar Sugar Dopey
are! you than more worth world”—it’s the in course new “best got just Scotland in course golf my that sad it Isn’t Sugar—@Lord_Sugar Dopey
show. your own I money--remember me making keep on ratings--come Bad @Lord_Sugar Sugar Dopey
fired. be you'll or up them get better low--you time all an at were week last ratings your hear I @Lord_Sugar Sugar Dopey
are! you than more worth property Florida--a in property major a buying was I silent. go never I @Lord_Sugar Sugar Dopey
great! be will it bought Florida—just Jupiter in Carlton Ritz of closing at weekend silence—spent such for Sorry
any. have don't answer--I The time. free my in do I what me ask People
Christmas! celebrate to world the in city better No City. York New in be to time special a such is This
service? get they can't Why ridiculous. Absolutely Island. Staten in power of out still people Many
@Univision. and @nbc on 19th December live simulcast be women.Will beautiful truly of comprised is Pageant Universe Miss Trump year's This
month. a jobs new 300K over need We growth. job real No recession. another facing be could we &amp; sign good a not is report job Today's
@Zagat via http://t.co/uj7ZoYbh Scotch" Glenfiddich on Boycott Decrees Trump Donald Day: the of "Quote
great! does Marilu @CelebApprentice. Star' 'All of season 13th record the in returns @TheRealMarilu personality TV demand popular by Back
http://t.co/0rLDeuJa me'" thank and knees your to 'Drop Sugar: Lord to Trump "Donald @digitalspyus: Via
@NickFaldo006 job! tremendous a do will Doral--he at Course Red the of architect the be to Faldo Nick Sir retained just I
friend. great and player great a is Tom daughter. your of birth the on wishes Gisele--Best and @patriots Brady Tom To
are. you who know even would nobody show my peanuts...without worth you're and billion $8 worth I'm @Lord_Sugar Dopey
tweets... the w/ badly beaten being are you saying in calling are People @Lord_Sugar Dopey
hurt. doesn't it going--hope keep to show the from income the need You ...@Lord_Sugar
Deal The of Art work.”–The best their do to people good motivating and obstacles overcoming at: good very I’m found I’ve things 2 are “There
Scotland... of majesty &amp; beauty the ruining are turbines wind The @Lord_Sugar Sugar Dopey
loser. total a are you and vision no have you because notice wouldn’t you .@Lord_Sugar....but
foresight. business Great http://t.co/GYAf1jV0 kaput" gone finished "dead be would iPOD the that predicting on call nice - .@Lord_Sugar
money. me making Keep Apprentice. the host to you qualify even doesn't worth net ...Your Sugar.@Lord_Sugar Dopey
... debt no almost acknowledged billion $8 than more worth @Lord_Sugar--I'm Sugar Dopey
disappointed. very be would worth--they really you're what public the tell you don't Why @Lord_Sugar Sugar
impressed. be not would &amp; numbers real your know don't People phenomenal. are financials my yours Unlike @Lord_Sugar Sugar
you. Thank @RealPro4Real
True! @martinwatt382
MacArthur --Douglas him." make command his under troops the as bad as just or good as just is general "A
ignorance! his No @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan
... boy... little good a like Donald you thank say should @Lord_Sugar—you Sugar
money! me making keep just bother Don’t you! feeds that hand the biting of ...instead
won! have would never he Morgan Piers taught you if Sugar @piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar
late. too be may it months 14 than less in implemented fully being Care Obama with And cliff. fiscal the over way are We
@yankees. for deal bad Really season. next of half miss will He seasons. five last the of each in games 140 under played has Rodriguez Alex
nothing! are You exists. Trump Donald that Lord real the thank and mirror the in @Lord_Sugar—Look Dopey
stupid! not I'm Sugar won't--unlike I show) my (it's money me making is Sugar as long as but could easily I @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan
you... for day good a was that US the in show #1 the Apprentice the made I When
Trump. Mr. you thank say and Sugar knees your to Drop others. many and ...
show... your with $ of plenty make I so hard working @Lord_Sugar--Keep Sugar:
you! for lucky and great is concept Apprentice The but persona little have ...You
enough... successful never were You Apprentice. The own I you @Lord_Sugar—unlike Sugar:
nothing! be you’d show my Without anyway. you approved I but Apprentice The do to ....
thought... I than businessman worse even an are you Scotland for good are windmills ugly think you If .@Lord_Sugar
Apprentice. The doing be not should opinion my in and ...
interesting! be will cliff.. fiscal real is ceiling Debt curb! fiscal a only is name)—it (bad cliff fiscal until go to days 25 @johnboehner
far. by #1 Murray Andy again? over &amp; over voting people same Dopey @Scootray88
them. want don’t people the &amp; turbines wind Scotland’s subsidizing massively is UK facts! the wrong—check all You’re
country? the destroying are that turbines wind garbage Scotland’s subsidize to billions spending while debt UK reduce Osborne George can How
budget.. under $750000 in came it Park Central in Rink Wollman renovated I When
Wharton. in taught is Case schedule. of ahead month full a opened and ...
do! you what love and hard Work @sinnerofa10shun
yes! and Thanks @achieverdan
you. Thank @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @RingSherry
Darlene. Thanks @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @madmartinez
Rob! Thanks @RealRobHarrand
terrific! be will ceremony welcoming Today’s Vegas. Las in Pageant Universe Miss Trump in compete to arrived have contestants the All
US. the for advocate strong a be will and smart is She coverage. of lot a got Ambassador for Wintour Anna of support My
http://t.co/u9Ek2xu0 ambassadorship” for Wintour endorses “Trump @USATODAY: Via
U.S.! re-build and now out Get dopes. like us dropping are They agreement. signed our with sticking not is Afghanistan of Karzai
nice! Wow--very @MacFarb
sure! so be Don't @danabrams @ForQ2 @apoliticalbear @OrangeTrump
hard! Work @itsmeMVP @BillGates @bongsi21
enjoy! place great Kris @kleckhardt
winner! a is Murray loser--Andy a is He @colonopenbrakit
shouldn't! tourism--you of world--lots the in course golf greatest the perhaps built I @carloguderian
... pounds of billions spend to continues he come how spending UK in cuts monumental With dummy? a Cameron PM Is
turbines? wind costly &amp; ugly with beauty Scotland’s ruining ....on
Forbes. Michael loser total over Murray Andy champ Open U.S. &amp; Olympic great choosing not for garbage Glenfiddich boycott should Scots
will! I @mchandlerjones
Lara. night last great looked you And @EricTrump @LaraLeaYunaska
great! is Roll and Rock of Man Iron The @CelebApprentice. Star’ ‘All of season 13th record the in shines @deesnider frontman Sister Twisted
way! that seem doesn’t it ceiling—but debt the of because cards the have Republicans
interesting! be will that cliff...and fiscal real is ceiling Debt curb! fiscal a only is name)—it (bad cliff fiscal until go to days 25
win. will night--BQ last great was performance Your @thaLilBit @MissUSA2005 @OfficialBQGirls
all--thanks! of compliment greatest The @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @JohnG500
guy. and player great a Rod--you're Thanks @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @rodgilbert7
work! good the up keep True--but @danabrams
101. February!—Trump in ceiling debt with along deal new negotiate &amp; cliff the over go deal great a make can’t you .@johnboehner—if
thing! good house—a in strength gained have to seems @johnboehner Speaker
missed! be will and great was Brubeck Dave
Deal The of Art The – big.” think well as might you anyway thinking be to going you’re if simple: very it’s me To big. thinking like “I
Thanks! @vincedelisi
people! smart most do So @HoppMar
you. Thank @PhillipMoodie
Soon--thanks. @KarlLewis01
True--thanks. @danabrams @apoliticalbear
you. Thank @riggs_deb
Peale Vincent Norman -- beautiful.” more and softer is everything behold and world this over wand magic a waves “Christmas
loser! total A politics. of out be should Rove http://t.co/amke76xg air off him keeping is @FoxNews that embarrassment an such is @KarlRove
Touch' 'Midas Trump J. Donald – incorrect.” being actually means that if correct politically being of point the see don’t “I
Thanks @nbc @rodsandguitars
you. Thank @tommo1903
you Thank @Kevinsherwin
forte. your not was TV on. well do actual can you medium a found have you Glad well. do me on stories course of Dan .@danabrams
her! love fans The @BrandenRoderick. beautiful the of return the features @CelebApprentice Star’ ‘All of season 13th record The
smart! really &amp; winner a is She ambassadorship. an @voguemagazine Wintour Anna giving considering is Pres.Obama that hear to happy am I
http://t.co/pd1qHmQ9 course” golf Trump’s for “Awards @scotsmandotcom: Via
Glenfiddich. joke with it is--clean property his disgusting &amp; dirty how believe even not would You @Beardymilne @wtfagain
loser. total a &amp; Forbes of jealous are you know I @wtfagain @Beardymilne
Thanks @achieverdan
Thanks @damonpostal
Broadway. to coming soon &amp; well really doing is .@GeorgeTakei
favorite--thanks. a pick Can't @SpearsTim
properties. Trump from alcohol garbage Glenfiddich all of rid getting are We
Scotland. to embarrassment an is property—it his up clean to Forbes Michael Scot’ ‘Top Tell
loser! total a of instead Scot Top winner—as gold Olympic &amp; Open Murray—U.S. Andy chosen have joke—should a is Glenfiddich
losers! you--two over award the got Forbes that angry &amp; jealous are you hear David--I @wtfagain @Beardymilne
great! is Yes--it @kleckhardt
Jeff. Thanks @swingtraining
Andrew Birthday Happy @SaintsFootyNews @Danusia234
luck. good Thanks--and @bf2088
Thanks. @Arnoldmuks
10AM by packed is it season holiday the During early. come to sure be Atrium Tower Trump famous world the visit to planning are you If
http://t.co/c9NuyPiX transactions exciting most the of one is portfolio Trump the to Resort Doral iconic the of addition The
product! going--great high--great all-time an hit just maker tie and shirt my of stock The
hips. bad have “druggies” the all notice you Do months. 6 out be will &amp; surgery hip had @Yankees A-Rod
misrepresented. immediately—he contract A-Rod's break should @Yankees The
True! interest. high draw I because covered widely so am I that morning this radio on explained @mediaite of editor .@danabrams
takes! it what got really He’s CBS. on show talk new his in great do will @arsenioOFFICIAL
talent. Amazing field. the on smart and watch to exciting is He player. special very a is @RGIII QB @Redskins
gold? Olympic &amp; Open U.S. the won who Scot true a Murray Andy &amp; me lost—badly—to he when Year the of Scot get Forbes Michael could How
person. and player exceptional an is David @Mets. the with extension term long a signing on Wright David to Congratulations
guy! wonderful &amp; amazing an is He @CelebApprentice. Star' 'All of season 13th record the in shines again once @LilJon favorite Fan
work! great the up keep and you thank Larry @ld06981p
Wendy. Thanks @Wendydyer2
great. be will it Thanks @Alkiwaves
Thanks. @ItsColinFowler
work! hard But @BubbasLmky
allowed! points 6 @woodyjohnson4—only to weekend—congratulations this @nyjets the by defense Great
5th. &amp; 57th Grill/ Trump also. great is food the A--&amp; NY—an in award sanitary rated highest the won Just
success. tremendous be &amp; Club Golf National Trump renamed be Will Florida. Jupiter in Carlton Ritz magnificent of purchase completed Just
NBC. to loyal been have Apprentice of because machine”—but ratings shows—“a television do to crazy me driving all are networks The
Republicans. the on it blame and taxes raise will They cliff." "fiscal the on deal any to coming of intention zero have Democrats The
life. in rarity loyal--a very guy--&amp; talented &amp; tough a is this--@piersmorgan on wrong are You Logan: @piersmorgan @lfoshie
... brought has which and year” the of course golf “the named just was what stop to failed who loser a is Forbes Michael
award... Year the of Scot him gave Glenfiddich company liquor bad and pigsty a in lives Forbes Michael
so! you told performance—I his was as dismal was Arlington—crowd at Texas of University at bombed @sethmeyers21 Comic
True! @parisitony
http://t.co/bZm5ljJE rink skating best office--world's my from Park Central in Rink #TRUMP the enjoy skaters watching pride great take I
wishes. best and Birthday Happy @osaFoLmiK
Stephen. of proud be will clan Baldwin The @CelebApprentice. Star’ ‘All of season 13th record the in shines .@StephenBaldwin7
Churchill Winston -- difference.” big a makes that thing little a is “Attitude
closely… very race mayoral York New the watching am I
soon. very die will it but ashamed be should They me. about lies publishes Snooze Daily The
one! big the including race one win didn’t and dollars of millions of hundreds spent who losers the all &amp; Rove Karl at laughing is Obama
time)... next smart get better Republicans win—(the one $400M—not of wasting total his for excuses making now is Rove Karl
better. new—and someone find to Republicans the for Time ...
coming... is Inflation http://t.co/fjiOnw2g record on sales gold physical largest the with price on high record another set just Gold
ways. their change to got them—they’ve respect doesn’t he because Republicans the “tweaking” totally is Obama
http://t.co/e5IK0gVG children helping cause great a is @Cookies4kids @Cookies4kids. with work her for @IvankaTrump of proud very am I
responsible! fiscally acting start to officials elected our force to Democrats) &amp; (Republicans Americans all for time about It’s
@Forbes via http://t.co/ilqlCyQC Uruguay” In Tower Luxury To Name His Lends Donald The America: South To Expands Brand “Trump
statement! that about think Just guys." the as tough as bit "every are warriors women says anyone?) Williams (Brian .@nbcnightlynews
guy! great architect great golfer yesterday--great @jacknicklaus with Was
cause. great a for event great a be will It 5th. December on NYC in Gala Dynasties Business Family the at honored be I'll
... won! credit—he Obama give to have you a.m. this @foxandfriends on said I As
days. better have will they people—but the with resonate didn’t just Republicans The ...
@foxandfriends... on morning this acknowledgement wonderful her for @IvankaTrump to you Thank
kids! my called even never and lied totally Snooze Daily NY The ...
bonus. $1.75M a got just management etc--&amp; Twinkies save couldn’t management &amp; unions that believe can’t I over almost it’s that Now
decision. wise a was it run long the Halle—in with easily and quickly so settled has Aubry Gabriel that surprised I’m
spectacular. is and Ocean Pacific the fronts Angeles--it Los Club Golf National Trump @therealhillyard
visit. your Enjoy prices. good food Excellent Tower. Trump in Grill Trump Try @AmishFlyers66
is. it like it tell just I welcome. are They more.” wanting them keep to how know sure “I says @AOL ‘obnoxious’ tweets my calling In
day. by day and rapidly wealth and businesses its losing is France
thanks. nice Very @JMinello
NYPD. the loves NYC http://t.co/o5rTCs01 kindness of act generous his a with proud city entire the made has DePrimo Larry Officer NYPD
Thanks! @TravlandLeisure @TrumpLasVegas @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @skompa
momentum. is so key is Motivation @TarikaN_11
http://t.co/kF88I9e0 shows top 10 of 9 with race rating news cable the in November winning for @FoxNews to Congratulations
http://t.co/7LiwSD9V #Sandy Rockaways. the in donations our of recipients the with Trump Team
Sage Hi @sagethelaxbro
thanks. agree--and I @Seanelmi @TonyDABodyguard
Thanks! @adrienne_jensen
it. love will Thanks--you @sbowlin1
disappointed! be won't You @bretmichaels @CelebApprentice @RevRome83
year" the of course "golf Scotland Links Golf International Trump named just publications respected most golf's of one Odyssey Golf
yesterday. terrific were @mariamenounos &amp; @MarioLopezExtra @extratv. on appearing enjoy Always
http://t.co/2rTu6IEJ Petraeus Gen. and Angus Halle discussing @nbc on yesterday @extratv hosting guest from clip A
happy. be will fans Our @bretmichaels. of return the features @CelebApprentice Star’ ‘All of season 13th record the demand popular by Back
Tzu Sun -- victorious.” be will cannot he when and fight can he when knows who “He
@Yankees Derek. Go country. the over all partying is A-Rod that out come reports season off the in day every training is Jeter Derek While
accuracy for check not do they personally know BBC.I of spiral downward continued in latest the is scandal sex molestation child @BBCNews’ .
@nbc on p.m. 7 at tonight co-hosting am I EXTRA at friends my to favor a As
blind. country our robbing are They broken. be must monopoly OPEC The $90/barrel. pass to about is Crude
today? us of all from steal OPEC did much How Thursday. It’s
"Lincoln." see Go filmmaker. great a is Spielberg Steven
Agreed. @EricTrump @atrlimo
Thanks! @mjb7
great! also is food the – “A” possible grade inspection sanitary highest the received just Grill Trump restaurant Tower Trump The
@politico via http://t.co/qXJYuuM8 dad" her defends Trump "Ivanka
Party. Countryside &amp; Crawford Jim to Congrats @AlexSalmond. &amp; turbines wind ugly fight to Scotland in formed just Party Countryside The
unpopular. very becoming is @AlexSalmond turbines. wind on backlash huge having government Scottish
@washingtonpost via http://t.co/su8yCNbV pavilion" Office Post Old the for planned hotel Trump the at look "A
folly. windmill his to compared Chicago--peanuts in Cup Ryder visit to $ taxpayers of $750000 than more spent Scotland of @AlexSalmond FM
happen. can things good of today—lots @MittRomney seeing is O Pres. that Great
guy! great really a &amp; shaker &amp; mover York New great night--a last away passed Finkelstein Jerry
Thanks! @AmauryD3
Joe! luck Good @JosephbyNature
Hospital... Research Children’s Jude St. at Memphis in is @EricTrump son My
heart! great a has Eric kids. wonderful the for dollars million 2 raised he where ...
company! big really a run I time –but machine”! “ratings a not or it shows—like do to me wanting all are Networks
Billionaire A Like Think – you.” for it do others if better even it’s but boast to necessary often "It’s
DEAL THE OF ART THE – focus.” total is big thinking to keys the of "One
great. be still can America Proves learn. to eager and motivated hungry are They entrepreneurs. aspiring young to speaking enjoy always I
country! the in course public #1 The http://t.co/iJNXp19Y Club Golf National Trump at reservation a make to sure Be LA? Visiting
Top The To Way The -- mediocrity.” for destined is do they that thinks who yourself--anyone all it know can’t "You
Drucker Peter -- said.” isn't what hearing is communication in thing important most “The
surprise. No http://t.co/Xjimd3KU Holidays' 'Happy over Christmas' 'Merry prefer Americans 10 of 7
him. block should 18 under girls All http://t.co/69UrtKYG comeback a towards step another making is @RepWeiner sexter alert–serial Pervert
B! Halle with drama Always bag. punching a became fight—he to how learn should Aubry Gabriel
S... of S her appointing by Republicans the taunt not should O Pres. but woman good a is Rice Susan
country! the of good the for deals make &amp; along ...Get
decorations.http://t.co/77T7dnHW holiday our see to Atrium Tower Trump renowned world the visit to sure Be
painful. is negotiations fiscal these operate them Watching public? in themselves against negotiate always Republicans the do Why
http://t.co/rHHCXhEQ undervalued” significantly “remains yuan the though even manipulator currency a China name to refused has Treasury
ads. ineffective &amp; terrible such on dollars of millions of hundreds friends—spent Republicans—my the how over get can’t still I
amazing!http://t.co/evfQOIPQ be to going is Miami--it in Doral the left just I
does! he everything love actor--I great truly a is Hopkins Anthony
@jack_welch -- be.” to it wish you as or was it as not is it as reality “Face
Top The To Way The -- offer.” to have they insight and decisions good the but mistakes their just Not wisdom. others’ from benefit can "You
Big Think -- do.” you than more success and money your about care should one No day. every action take must you alive goals your keep “To
Thanks @RetroJohnny
Debbie Thanks @DebbieGibson @realDonaldTrump @callmemrwayne
place! great A @FromJoachim2You
Thanks @utxgent
Billionaire A Like Think – smart.” not they’re but tough brutally are who businessmen know I tough. than smart be to important more "It’s
example. great a is Ivanka @IvankaTrump @DJT_biggest_fan
you. to best the all and Congratulations @FromJoachim2You
3rd. March @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @mselesky
it. at hard work and causes good for money of deal great a raise They @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @LouisWalshXFact
great. be will Thanks--it @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @BrainyRedhead
yet! best the is season...which upcoming the in back is @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice? Star All the for ready you Are
cancer.http://t.co/s3AKcvk1 4 stage with girl Beautiful followers. 100k to @vanessariddle get to @ericbolling Join
DEAL THE OF ART THE – have.” you strength biggest the is leverage and strength from deal is do can you thing best "The
debt.. our from thievery the offset should We http://t.co/JuDr49kV design. U.S. a from stolen carrier aircraft an on jet a landed just China
about. nothing know they something rights property intellectual called ...It's
firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk Salmond: Alex to Write http://t.co/iuZpZqyW windfarms' over Scotland boycott to threaten tourists US
ally! true our be never will He news. bad is Egypt in dictator Brotherhood Muslim The
here. it kill would tape Red http://t.co/DMjMeKQR days 90 in building tallest world’s the build can They growing? is China why know to Want
property... buying is now make can people young investment best the trajectory downward a on still economy the With
someday. me thank will You cheap! borrow ...and
premiere. the is 3rd yet..March season best the be will This @NathalieS_29
wonderful. was it Thanks @PaulBocian
Holidays. Happy and Thanks @shanesgranny
Enjoy! beautiful. looks city the and decorated is Tower Trump @yorkv01
Agreed. @shanedent
down. you get bastards the let Never angle! every from hitting try they and you... at shoot really lowlifes the “hot” you’re When
message. the get can @GOP the Hopefully @Newsmax_Media. Kessler Ronald with interview my see to Glad
yesterday! story positive a me gave actually .@HuffingtonPost
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/EZ1fdIT5 @REALDonaldTrump Elections Win Won't GOP Mean-Spirited Trump: Donald @Newsmax_Media: RT
energy! expensive &amp; bad unreliable for located—all are they which in areas the destroying totally are turbines Wind
Big Think -- fast." backwards slipping start will you or more want to have You goals. higher and higher set to have "You
Carnegie Dale -- dare." and do to willing is who one the generally is farthest goes who man The chance. a is life All chance! a "Take
him... of top on be soon will events hesitates he if or events of top on constantly is either president "A
Truman S. Harry -- moment." a for up let could I that felt never I ...
wisely... choose to prepared are choice their express who those unless succeed cannot "Democracy
there! be to deserve They http://t.co/0u2yJbfs Congress next the joining veterans war Afghan and Iraq more 9 see to Glad
Billionaire A Like Think – well." as soldier the you're chief in commander the only not You're army. one-man a like yourself of "Think
MacArthur Douglas -- victory." for substitute no is there war "In
Outrageous! alone. coal than rate mortality higher 34% A http://t.co/YfYmnhU9 oil or coal either than hazard safety bigger a are Windmills
everywhere. spending on cuts hard tangible by accompanied be must they then cliff fiscal the avoid to raised are taxes If
Top The To Way The -- others." of lessons and experiences the ignore many but well quite experiences own their from learn can people "Most
London. in anniversary 50th their marking on Stones Rolling the to Congratulations
Roosevelt D. Franklin -- time. the of percent right...ninety you treat will they right people treat you If
trouble! big in is country our ready get But Thanksgiving. their enjoyed everyone Hope
nature! their in not anyone...it's or me with Obama President of criticism my discussed negatively never kids My
it! knew she and lie total A anyway. out it put then and dead" is "story writing in rep my advised reporter News Daily NY dishonest The
false! Obama...totally criticize to me wanting not kids my about report false a out put News Daily NY dying The
(sometimes!). enemies many my even all you love everyone--I to THANKSGIVING HAPPY
DEAL THE OF ART THE – approach.” one or deal one to attached too get never I flexible. being by myself protect also “I
@nbc viewers. billion one to countries 190 over in live broadcast be will pageant @MissUniverse the 19th December On
Big Think -- dreams." big your enjoying time your Spend dream. to anything cost not does "It
#SandyRelief staff. Tower Grill/Trump Trump wonderful my by Rockaways--prepared the to sent dinners Thanksgiving 600 having am I
@EricTrumpFdn @StJude for it of all $$ of deal great a raises &amp; charity his running $$ zero makes @EricTrump son my asking those For
here. spent be could that money That's http://t.co/jtmBTMgw year a $100B over at China into flow to continue investments foreign Direct
together. work to need sides Both cliff. fiscal the avert to deal good a makes Washington hope I
job. good a did He war. the stop helped crisis this throughout @Israel of support steady Obama’s Pres.
boardroom... the in Amazing @CelebApprentice. of season Star All upcoming the in game her of top the at again once is .@latoyajackson
work. amazing their of recognition great this for team the to Congratulations Award. Diamond Five AAA the awarded been just has .@TrumpSoho
opportunities... his of difficulties makes who one is pessimist "A
Truman S. Harry -- difficulties." his of opportunities makes who one is optimist an ...and
MacArthur Douglas -- direction." another in advancing are retreating--we not are "We
atrium. Tower #TRUMP the visit who tourists many the meeting and seeing love I time. special very a is City York New in Season Holiday The
great! be will It @kabarzombie69
Thanks! @kc5yvv
Thanks! @Jixllr
hard! Work @MichaelRubinton
True! @MichaelPhelps @DLEagency
Thanks! @MrsAliciaParks
truthful! very am I @sAygO_P
do! you what Love @Manos_Panos
you! Thank @Corene7
compliment. great A @BluePrintBullie
Keith! Thanks @hkshel
Patton S. --George thinking." isn't somebody then alike thinking is everyone "If
tough! blind--be us robbing are Chinese The trade. talked and http://t.co/LF0hjd7Q yesterday Wen Premier Chinese with met Obama
rates... tax radical PMs the With rating. bond AAA its of stripped just was France
leaving! all are rich The future. the in downgraded further be to country the ...expect
MacArthur Douglas -- yourself." for make you luck the is all of luck best "The
hard! them hit you when fade only They bully. a with up let never shows just me--it attacked she and @rosie loser to nice was I
canceled. quickly be can that show another yet on be can she so TV on back get to desperate is @Rosie pass. a @Rosie give to going am I
http://t.co/3pyChHHG turbines. wind considering community or country any for read must A
back! money that all had they wish they bet I tax. carbon self-imposed their dropped just EU The
Billionaire A Like Think dominate.” to seeks who of indication an be can conversation in contact eye most the makes who as traits such “Even
disappoint! doesn’t She compete. to returning @lisarinna has @CelebApprentice of season Star All upcoming The
Big big."--Think anything do never will you things big doing of dream even cannot you If do. you what is about dream you "What
children... the helping work amazing doing is @EricTrumpFDN The
Eric. you of proud am I -- http://t.co/nT2A58ym Hospital Research Children's Jude St. at ...
@FoxNewsInsider via http://t.co/PdbAw9Z6 Bike” New for Prayer Boy’s Answers Trump “Donald – FLASHBACK
broken. be never will that record medals—a Olympic @MichaelPhelps—22 friend my to night last Award Year the of Athlete Male the out gave I
Afghanistan... in died have bravest nation's our of 50 episodeover Petraeus entire this during that remember should We
nation. own our rebuild and out get to time is It ...
cuts. hard real with come must they raised are taxes If cliff. fiscal a avoid to deal a on together come must Washington
Twain Mark -- " first. here was It nothing. you owes world The living. a you owes world the saying around go "Don't
it. like I good @BarackObama--Very -- itself.” defend to right @Israel's of supportive fully are “We
turmoil! in are lives comfort.Their in holiday the celebrating be not will Many Thanksgiving. during Sandy Hurricane of victims Remember
bankrupt. went never Dummy--I @Bluecollar96
commodity! hot a are you when negotiate Always Smart. http://t.co/ZKJexYr9 deal. book a negotiating already is Petraeus
ineffective. are organizations international why wonder we And http://t.co/wZ9ofqxJ change’ ‘climate to poverty tying is Bank World The
Billionaire A Like Think -- job." wrong the in you're work your enjoying not you're If point? the What's vacations. take "Don't
big! me owes He hits. million 72 to close reached has Trump" "Donald song Miller's Mac Rapper
little... very seeing are causes their while overpaid getting are charities of CEOs many that there out are Reports
season! holiday this donating before research your ...Do ...
Royce... Rolls a in around driving is CEO Stern M. Caryl .@unicef
ashamed! be should She dollar. donated per cents 5 than less getting is charity her ...while
outrage? the is Where $951957. was 2011 in salary CEO’s .@redcross
mentions." 2k followers new 15k listings new 29 retweets 1k twitter on week My "@cher Cher. you about care don’t people me- of because All
make. to deal easy an been have happen--should to have not did closing Hostess The
election? the after immediately Petraeus about out found Obama President that believe really anyone Does
nature. my It's must. I but PR--sorry for me after go that lowlifes the at back hit to not me tells Everybody
http://t.co/w4yRPTH0 family with Thanksgiving celebrating &amp; closing Hostess' cover-up Benghazi the discussing interview @foxandfriends My
Andre. than you in interest less have show--I "gross" rather your do to me for office my calling .@chelseahandler--stop
better! much do can cause—he lost back—a boyfriend hotelier your get to trying .@chelseahandler—stop
have!) never I (which psychiatrist a seeing than better much -- back "sleazebags" hit to good so feel me makes It
feeling! great charity--a for money raising in earth on places successful most the of one is Beach Palm in club Mar-a-Lago The
inspiration. an and fantastic are Lauren--you @LaurenScruggs @realDonaldTrump
Show! Today The on great was airplane an by injured badly was who .@LaurenScruggs
toughness! understand only They beginning. the only is This http://t.co/VxZiX4kr airbase U.S. a over take to trying is China Now
Deal the of Art The – confrontation.” is choice only the when times are there positive the emphasize to pays it as “Much
estate. real certain also spike-- will timber &amp; silver Gold rise. will prices commodity place take to about dollar our on run the With
deal. a make and together come must Congress---Washington and President the between begun officially have negotiations cliff Fiscal
@SFLuxe via http://t.co/JathcK7j real” is enthusiasm Amendment’ ‘Second if friend great be could “Trump
award! Young CY the win ever to pitcher knuckleball first the becoming on @RADickey43 @Mets to Congratulations
Touch Midas The -- on." going what's know to like I because accessible I'm employees. my for policy door open an have "I
Show! Today The on great was airplane an by injured badly was who @LaurenScruggs
Lincoln --Abraham stand." cannot itself against divided house "A
point. tipping a at is East Middle the in situation The Israel. ally closest our protect to need we Obama President
you. thank nice very are You @Korkyelmst
Thanks! @TraderExpert
True! @amanda_berens
me! like actually must They @dxerebl
Thanks! @EMC_xoxo
Thanks! @NYLANDERMAX
Good! @BriannaTurano
message. your understand I @jenke2501
thanks. is It @RCVenables
this. avoid to need We cliff." "fiscal a hit will we &amp; right is media the together working start doesn't government the If
together. work to gov't our for Time Yuan. Chinese the against low all-time an at now is $ our deficits $ trillion &amp; debt record our With
Disney Walt – them.” pursue to courage the have we if true come can dreams our “All
Billionaire A Like Think – dealt." were you hand the accept to have you assume "Don't
York! New for event iconic An Plaza. Rockefeller at arrived tree Christmas the Yesterday
http://t.co/e0lzZFdH @washtimes @EmilyMiller by Guns" Trump's "Donald
http://t.co/JN1VIbom news... opening—great April for projections our double already are course Scottish on season next for bookings Golf
cold. others--too and Kingsbarns like winter in close would course Scottish that ago years 3 Announced
agree! I @mllemariani
there. out nasty getting inside--it's the from apart torn being is country Our
agree I @cher @rcthompson01
Fantastic! @RobertCherry1
great! sound You @Macys @statereform
Interesting! @kimberlyykitten
thanks. Paul will I @pehbho
remembering. for did--thanks I @snugglebun31
Joey you Thank @JSunday72
Erek Thanks @ErekClementson
future! great location great land Florida--great Jupiter in Carlton Ritz the purchase to contract signed Just
don’t. I hunting love sons My disapproved. publicly I which of one story Old @cher
appreciated. much very kids- and wife my about especially statement nice the for Thanks .@WendyWilliams
amazing. is he agree I @EricTrump @riggs_deb
Mark Thanks @Relmark
Thanks! @GuitartrashJB
jobs. of lots creating property—and major a buying on day—working Busy
day or hour the of instead second the by date to up be must Everything good. for landscape communication &amp; news the changed has media Social
http://t.co/TxH2C5OV out it check – Takers” &amp; Shakers “Makers book great a published has Eaton Roy classmate former A
reality. new The http://t.co/OviEuDqW Care Obama of anticipation in hours lowering and off employees laying now is donor top own Obama’s
http://t.co/UXSiNXSR landmarks top country’s the of one be will Sisli Istanbul Towers Trump
http://t.co/Z4e2hECP Doral. National Trump at Monster Blue The
Truman S. hell."--Harry was it thought they and truth the told just I hell. anybody give did never "I
http://t.co/txcIBkua amazing. be to going is It weekend. past this Doral National Trump for renovations over going time great a Had
harder! work must well...and doing aren’t you then you about talking aren’t enemies your if that remember always entrepreneurs aspiring To
http://t.co/UgBCAMck now: tickets your Get party. #NYE nicest downtown's with @TrumpSoHo 2013 Celebrate
watching. be will I Benghazi. on Senate the in testify to agreed has Petraeus Gen.
http://t.co/3MCkZEdp #sandyrelief. for @RedCross to 11/23 by made booking per $10 giving is @TrumpSoHo #Sandy. by affected those Help
Deal the of Art The - much." worth be to going not it's it about know don't people if but world the in product best the have can "You
amazing. is ingenuity team's production Our special. very be to going is @CelebApprentice of season 13th record upcoming The
Lombardi Vince – dictionary.” the in is work before comes success place only “The
3--thanks! March Sunday @DonaldJTrumpJr @CelebApprentice @krnspeech
great! he's and on is He @piersmorgan @CelebApprentice @jackmarkou
back. come will scared--we be Don't @natrat86
Deal the of Art The -- deal." best the is need you What location. best the need necessarily don't you all of "First
them. about talk to allowed not I’m but me about talk can people how amazing It’s
work. didn’t that surgeries plastic massive your about talk to not promise I And mine. “rug”—it’s a wear don’t .@cher--I
price! big a paying are family his and Petreus General
career! dying and family her on focusing time more spend should .@cher
something? know she Did In." "All titled is Petreus Gen. on book Broadwell's Paula
order. highest the of risk security national a are deficits budget yearly $1T and debt national $17T Our
Benghazi. forget Don't
minute! the by interesting more unfolding--getting rapidly is Pentagon and CIA the at scandal sex The
again! him on cheat will Kristen--she with public in seen be not will Pattinson Robert hope I release Twilight Friday’s After
environment— the for terrible are windmills Rachel sad. is turbines wind of front in Standing .@maddow
@maddow obsolete! are They machines. destroying community killing bird inefficient costly are ...they
gift! Christmas perfect The @Macys. shelves the off flying is fragrance--"Success"-- My
cause! worthy very a for honor great my you David--Thank .@davidaxelrod
Mellon Andrew -- effective.” ideas these make to force the and ideas sound have men “Strong
economy. the for Terrible http://t.co/FbyJMJtV burdens regulatory 6125 over set has Obama days 90 past the in – Scary
credibility. zero has garbage @antbaxter’s air’s that network Any journalism. shoddy for scandal major a in is @BBC that surprise No
people? dishonest or meltdown—stupid or tantrum a had I say enemies impatience or disgust anger show I time every come How
in. setting is Reality Care. Obama to due hours employees’ reducing and layoffs massive started already have Businesses
http://t.co/P3qdhiNo high all-time an and increase monthly biggest to surged rolls stamp food release delayed post-election a Surprise-In
you. of all respects and loves nation This honored. appropriately felt members service armed our hope I Day. Veterans was Yesterday
business. do and fun have you--let's month.Thank last the in followers 250000 over gained &amp; followers 1.9M passed just We
life! of way a rather but tirade a with do to nothing has This more. 100x back...except attack always I me attacks someone When
dishonest! tirade..totally a it call some tweet I Whenever subjects. positive and scum both about tweeting love but person calm very a am I
thing. same the saying are reviews all Virtually world. the in courses greatest the of one rated just was Links Golf International Trump
Links. Golf International Trump love Scotland of people The
club. golf Scottish great my of because booming is tourism Aberdeen
title. book and term my is That me. thank should they Deal".... the of "Art term the using are pundits political Many
Deal. the of Art The Trump J. Donald - up" give never quit ever "Never
fun. it's when easy It's world. the in writer character 140 best the I'm saying are many Thanks-
losses. the without newspaper--- own your owning like it's Twitter.... love I
hearings. Benghazi the of out get to this used Petraeus believe don't I but guy skeptical a I'm
family. his and him for sad Very guy! laced straight A coming. thing Petraeus the saw never I Wow
situation! terrible a airport LGA to going line gas long block 10 a passed just I
Brian! about care don’t just people guess Williams—I Brian not and Pattinson Robert about talk to me wants Everybody
cancellations! tv many Too persona. no &amp; talent no got she’s help-- won’t it But career. dying her salvage to me needs @Rosie baaack! She’s
world. new the to gallon--welcome a $10 stations gas many at gouging Price
bank. the to way the all laughing is OPEC NYC. in gas rationing are we that believe to hard It’s
wishes. best and uncle your of passing the on Condolences .@cyndilauper
trouble. deep such in are they wonder garbage—no your air would @BBC stupid the Only .@antbaxter
approval? their without @GolfChannel and show @Late_Show Letterman the from clips take illegally you Anthony—did .@antbaxter
you! sue to going is somebody predict I .@antbaxter
benefits. big seeing Aberdeen &amp; roof the thru are Aberdeen—sales in project golf big my of awareness increasing for Dummythanks .@antbaxter
money? of kind that get you did make—where to $3000 than less you cost documentary your .@antbaxter—Heard
garbage! recycled this with money make to way only your be may that fact pill—in sleeping any than better works documentary .@antbaxter—Your
policies! his with disagree just I all. at President the hate don’t Obama—I President hate I say people many so do Why
flop. tremendous a is documentary boring &amp; cheap Your world. the over all hit huge a is @antbaxter—Apprentice @Salon @antbaxter
wrong! something doing be might they think you lost—do Republicans the yet &amp; last than election this Obama for voted people fewer million 9
country! the for thing right the do will who guy great a is well—he very @johnboehner know to got I
help. to pleasure my was It Sandy. during Tower Trump in refuge took who someone from today letter nice a such received I
hope! Stewart...I Kristen on advice my took He Twilight. of release the for face good a on putting is Pattinson Robert
investments. their into policies Obama's calculate to sure be should entrepreneurs young All economy. for setback major a was election The
convention. state their at keynote delivered I glad &amp; @NCGOP of proud I'm Carolina. North carried only we states battleground 9 the Of
@History on 8/7c at Sunday this America" Built Who Men "The of finale series the watch to Remember
ridiculous? that isn't win- his on Obama for effect positive huge a had hurricane the that show Polls
President. be would he &amp; Ohio and Florida in me used have should they one- every won and states primary 6 in me used campaign Romney
@History on 8/7c at Sunday this America" Built Who Men "The of finale series the watch to Remember
usual. as us from design the stealing up end will They http://t.co/QTYCvpUc engine jet own its building in investing heavily is China
anything. do won't Obama coasts our patrol to sent be will They http://t.co/oX6JYnqE nukes carrying be soon will submarines China's
soon. America own Will good. so it had never have They reelection. Obama's praised publicly now has Party Communist China's
better! do to needs GOP race. winnable a was This votes. 500000 than less by states battleground the won Obama day the of end the At
deal. great a get Can can. you if house a buy to time the is now deduction mortgage the cut to about Obama and up go to set taxes With
hi. says @IvankaTrump cure. a find help to check a you sending I'm .@davidaxelrod
off. rip can they that America weak a love They win. Obama's celebrating are countries foreign the all that surprise No
now know us letting for Thanks http://t.co/v7RwPT0P again downgraded credit US expects it admitting openly now is administration Obama's
instead?! difference a make you don't why so money. more any make possibly can't you @ZacharyQuinto@realdonaldtrump RT agree! I and will I
bad. turns touches A-Rod Everything campaign. his to donated A-Rod that heard I when chances Mitt's about worried very get to started I
now. be will Obama flexible how see to wait can't They reelection. Obama's celebrating publicly are leaders Russian
country. the in rink ice greatest The Park. Central in public the to open is Rink Skating Wollman Trump The year. the of time that is It
Thursday last on was I night last guest as @NBCNightlyNews Williams Brian had @Late_Show Letterman
irrelevant? you Brian—are Thursday. last @jayleno beat Letterman &amp; ratings in him trounced ...I
caused. it destruction &amp; death the &amp; Sandy on comments his for @hardball_chris fire to petition a start should we think u if back me Tweet
ratings). bad his than (other @ABC from fired was @billmaher reason the me tweet test: A
http://t.co/SnhGmaoQ (cont) MSNBC hurting thousands and dying people many With hurricane! a had we “glad” he’s says .@hardball_chris
http://t.co/gt1eaZgv http://t.co/DQSHBWvw article… great the for Magazine Golf of Joe) (Travelin’ Passov Joe to you Thank
Morgan P. J. -- reason.” real the and reason good a anything: doing for reasons two has always man “A
prediction. China--my to production @Jeep ship Chrysler watch over is election the that Now
on! fight will We cycle. past this trail the on people great many so meet and friends many so make to pleasure a been has It
are. we than election the with happier are Chinese The night. last Chicago than celebration bigger a had Beijing
term. second @BarackObama’s to Welcome today. plunging both are dollar US and market stock The
money. of waste a What lost. Republicans the in ads ran @CrossroadsGPS race Every cycle. this million $400 blowing on @KarlRove to Congrats
Pres? another was this if imagine you Can failure. massive Obama’s for covered has media The NJ. &amp; NY across electricity without Millions
immediately. him block 18 of age the under girls All twitter. on back is @RepWeiner alert. Pervert
http://t.co/eKaTfj5l about... care doesn't media but statements--- political with me than harsher far were celebrities various Amazing
warming! global need York--we New in snowing and freezing It's
again! great America make to have We
together! come will it someday but now right split totally is country Our
it! with live to have we'll but country the for good years--not four Another
follow. to why it--reasons blew just they but win to election Republicans the was This
@NBCNightlyNews night? last tweets my reading time much so spent you come how relevance" to exit last the past "well I'm if Brian
@NBCNightlyNews truth! the learn will People such. as off himself passes always but guy smart a never was Williams Brian
news. nightly to happening what's at much--look too you paying isn't @NBCNightlyNews hope I Brian
@NBCNightlyNews ratings. the in you passed just News Cable alone. yesterday followers twitter 70000 up picked dummy--I Brian--Thanks
error! for room efficient—tremendous more and better much be should and could disaster—it total a was process booth voting The
ratings? my have to love you .@bwilliams--wouldn't
disaster! ratings—a the in dying totally is which Center Rock show his is newscast @bwilliams than boring more thing only The
night. last me at shot a took he so boring totally become has newscast his think I that knows .@bwilliams
#Sandy residents Rockaways hard-hit for supplies and food of cases offload to today early out were volunteers Trump
#TrumpCares today Queens of hometown my to supplies and food of cases master 358 with filled 10-wheeler a sent I’ve
#HurricaneSandyRelief residents Rockaway for supplies needed much and food of truckload a getting is Queens in 42 P.S.
Obamacare. terminates he unless Obama to anything give shouldn't Representatives of House
up! give never and strong years...stay more four for together country our hold can Representatives of House the Hopefully
democracy. a for disaster a is college electoral The
divided! nation great once a is nation Our
before. never trouble...like unprecedented and serious in now is country Our
democracy! a not are We travesty. a and sham total a is election This
us. at laughing is world The injustice! disgusting and great this stop and hell like fight Lets
divided! totally is nation Our travesty. this stop and Washington on march should We happen. this let can't We
board! drawing the to back Well
you! adore talent...I and person great a are You Hollywood. Access on statement nice your for thanks @dionnewarwick
Washington --George light." to it bring to pains is there where prevail ultimately will "Truth
again. strong is America until done not is work Our struggling. country a have still we tomorrow that remember today wins Whoever
Order?" and "Law on him put ever they did talent--why no with loser cold stone a is .@MRbelzer
talent--unwatchable! No ever. worst the is casting @MRbelzer the but Order" and "Law show love I
today. top the over them push Let's America. love They year. past this @MittRomney &amp; @AnnDRomney know to getting of pleasure the had have I
@MittRomney. for vote strong America Make off? us rip OPEC lets and Saudis the to bows who President a want still we Do
yet. fuel or electricity have don't people why excuse no is There Katrina. than worse Sandy handled has gov. federal The
e-mails. the con--read a it's science not Alec--it's .@ABFalecbaldwin
yet. fuel or electricity have don’t people why excuse no is There Katrina. than worse Sandy handled has gov. federal The
Gary. Thanks @Tappersong
can't. He public. American the to records his release to refuses he that fact the off laugh just can he thinks Obama
footage? this release to long so @CBS took What http://t.co/hy6O6r8F 9.12 on attack terrorist a Benghazi call to refuse Obama Watch
immediately. it report you sure make supporters Obama from places polling the at heckling or harassment any experience you If
home. at here resources our deplete to wants China http://t.co/0FN95eO0 market coal our over taking are companies run state Chinese Now
Wrong! Sandy. by decimated still are NJ &amp; NY across victims Sandy Hurricane while Springsteen &amp; JayZ with campaigned Obama Yesterday
workers. poll the notify problems any have you If vote. your switch not does machine voting the verify to sure Make
stolen be vote your let don't machines the to attention close Pay Obama. to votes Romney switching machines voting of reports More
VA. Fairfax in yesterday @MittRomney -- achievements.” in measured is It speeches. in measured be can’t “Change
http://t.co/0bHyrQGO cliff fiscal the &amp; Obama &amp; Mitt between gap enthusiasm the election close the discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
one. day on Obamacare repeal will He @MittRomney. for Vote Medicare. Save
http://t.co/XfJiqT6G gun with threatened was watcher poll Detroit supporters. Obama by country across developing pattern dangerous Very
@MittRomney. for Vote America. strong &amp; free a and jobs deliver will that Change change. real for Vote today. vote to sure Make
you! intimidate them let Don't http://t.co/LIBmCVDs '08 from station polling Philly same the at back are Panthers Black New The
years. 5 last the over been has it than unstable more far was climate our 1950’s the In
non-competitive. manufacturing U.S. make to order in Chinese the for and by created was warming global of concept The
http://t.co/y7nkj5OH shoot- photo collection 2012 Fall @IvankaTrump's of video scenes the behind this Watch
http://t.co/CbZzVeSc hair! my is really it voting--- Me
bankrupt. went never I @NGen52
Thanks @jtylerdowling
Yes! @SpencerLJackson
lots! hiding He's records. simple show to $50M--just to 10X by increase would I said I which charity to $5M down turned Obama Remember:
D! Walter Thanks stupid." not are you prove to 2012 in Romney for vote then racist a not were you prove to 2008 in Obama for voted you "If
Donald! congratulations --- 11 to 10 from Sunday on season last television on show #1 the was Apprentice The
Lincoln--sad! movie the for ad an like looks Magazine Time paper-thin of cover the election upcoming the Despite
more! say I taxes--need lower to wants @MittRomney taxes raise to wants Obama think: vote you Before
trouble! in is country our why is That today? basketball playing Obama is Why
there! be I’ll draw or lose win --- tonight Romney Mitt with be to invited was I
Manhattan Street 60th East 110 International Lighthouse at AM 10:30 at voting be will I questions- your to Answer
time! our of election important most the be will this vote--- and out Go
morning. tomorrow @SquawkCNBC on #TrumpTuesday for in Tune
tomorrow. office of out him Kick die. to Americans allowing with away get Obama let Don’t Watergate. than bigger is Benghazi
President. was Republican a if this cover press the would How Sandy. by devasted still are Manhattan of boroughs outer The
anymore. us from steal to able be won’t They @MittRomney. for trending are polls The worried. is China
you." "adores he stated he @ApprenticeNBC--and on well very doing is @StephenBaldwin7 brother Your P.S. .@ABFAlecBaldwin
eternity. through down and up go will down--they back went then 1950's the in rising were They .@ABFAlecBaldwin
vote! your waste Obama--don't for voting is @GovGaryJohnson for Voting
@MittRomney. for Vote again. strong America Make country. our for repercussions historic have will election Tomorrow’s
birthplace? President's the mean you Do ---- @mcuban
Cuban. Mark about care don't People bombed. you me--and with ratings best his had @Late_Show Letterman .@mcuban
well. as demos better year-- last ratings in Tank Shark beat easily @ApprenticeNBC seasons 13 After
be). will never (&amp; star the not are you Besides television.” “dead considered is Friday evening-- Friday to shoved was Tank Shark .@mcuban
him. against is truth the when especially right is he state I Trump." Donald ignore to good always "It's stated just Obama
anyway. money the have you think don’t I but team--- a buy to you want didn’t they when smart were owners and commissioner Baseball .@mcuban
11.2.12 @MittRomney -- itself." in believing ceases never striving stops never up gives never that America the in believe "I
@MittRomney by America” For Direction New “A @WSJ: Via
divisive. is He http://t.co/HFQiGRDb revenge” best the is “voting said He desperate. and frustrated angry is Obama
you! Thank @ojmart
True! @acman84
accepted! @todayshow--apology on racist a me calling for me to apologized @DonnyDeutsch Sharpton Al Like
watching! be I'll China--and to moved be will production @Jeep fast how wins)--see Obama (if Chrysler believe Don't
@ABC. for disaster ratings total and complete a Benefactor- The with me copying tried you tv on show #1 the became Apprentice When .@mcuban
left! much have you doubt I money much so lose networks and team Your it. consider I’d and money real me Offer @mcuban? dollars mill. 1 Only
himself! for publicity get to me use to trying again it at is @mcuban Dummy
Mitt! 4 Vote office. in creator job real a put to time is it Now incompetency. got we Instead Change. &amp; Hope for voted America ’08 In
years. more 4 afford can't We http://t.co/VMJy9XjJ production job than faster 75X growing rolls stamp food to led have policies Obama’s
http://t.co/J2J4mJhX victims Sandy's and election tomorrow's @MittRomney of endorsement @newsday’s discussing interview @foxandfriends My
Alerts Action Conservative http://t.co/XFLDdwZZ Kelly Brian by mention Nice
us! with thrilled is China warming. global nonexistent for prepare to order in factories our of competitiveness the destroy can't We
http://t.co/o2VHHPOa Warming" Global on Sandy Blame Garrett--"Don't Ben by @NewYorkPost the in article Great
warming? global is Where victims. flood for good NJ—not &amp; NY in cold extremely It’s
http://t.co/Thv9Mu8E words--- magic those say finally all can we that so vote and tomorrow out Get
http://t.co/3Kii0xLN @HollywoodReporter the in me about statement nice your for @piersmorgan to you Thank
choice. great a be would forest--Jeff the of out them lead to Zucker Jeff at looking is .@CNN
time. this change real need vote--we go Remember
smart! &amp; careful be Must @hannityshow @FloridaJayhawk @EDLTrobinson @Lorrainejuliet
president. be wouldn't he Then @ewim55
him. for bad very are facts his No @TrickettTweeter
Yes. @eheinlen
job! great a doing is .@ralphreed
@PaulRyanVP -- recovery." real a for reform real for time a is This ideas. big for time a is "This
disaster! a is Obamacare vote you when Remember
around! mess this turn will @MittRomney
Romney! generation...go our of election important vote...most and out get you sure Make
it! doing love victims...we storm to food of lots delivering are Hotels Trump
@MittRomney. for vote - count it Make him. on vote their waste" "to people asking is Johnson Gary
vote. family and friends your all sure Make it. steal will Obama states. battleground the of any in recount a have to want don’t We
years?? more 4 years. 40 in employment female in decline biggest the to lead has women on war Obama's
Obama. under come will it because gas $6/gallon want they if themselves ask should All difference. the make will WI and OHPA in Undecideds
@Israel? on most trust you do who - themselves ask should suburbs Philly in undecideds All @MittRomney. play in is Pennsylvania
Sharpstache. vs. Kaufstache @RonKaufmanIntrn: RT: scared. too was Axelrod challenge. this take should @TheRevAl think I
finest. its at luxury True http://t.co/VPxSMj4z property elite most city's the is Toronto International Trump city the of heart the In
stalemate. legislative of years 4 Another mandate. a have won’t he wins he if concrete anything proposed hasn’t Obama Considering
surprising Not http://t.co/mYT6zbmi @MittRomney endorsing are council job own Obama's from Members
unsustainable are policies Obama's http://t.co/nuzGMIkt expanding and hiring from businesses stopping are debt national the over Concerns
wins. Obama praying are They results. election our awaiting anxiously all are Ahmadinejad and Chavez Castro
worthless! are promises His 2012. October by unemployment 5.2% promised Obama
Morgan J.P. -- farther." see to able be you'll there get you when see; can you as far as "Go
show. Great 11th. November Sun on America” Built Who Men “The of finale season @history’s catch to sure Make
always. as great is She @CelebApprentice. Star All of season 13th upcoming the on back is @OMAROSA Girl Bad #1 TV’s Reality
gasoline over streets the in rioting are @MittRomney--people helps hurricane the be Could
http://t.co/utLZ9MTV place. wonderful A
http://t.co/5BeAhats leaked were that emails the by proven is which data manipulated and science faulty on based is warming Global
years? more Four $50678. is it Now $55198. was income household median ’09 In class. middle the destroyed has Obama
luck. better you bring Pacific--will the overlooking @TrumpGolfLA at home a A-Rod---buy for idea an have I
misrepresentation? for contract his terminating @Yankees the aren't Hills--why Beverly in home expensive an for looking now is A-Rod
quarterback. average than less but athlete great a is He Vick. Michael sit should .@eagles
work. in believe doesn't He http://t.co/cAOUnJT0 welfare expanding for himself praising is President Stamp Food &amp; Welfare our Obama
@MittRomney -- do" I and business understands who president a need we business understand to Business of Secretary a need don't "We
bad! really is that later $6.5T and years Four 7.9%. now is Unemployment
destruction. the in ops photo taking of instead situation gasoline the fixing Obama President about How
grandstanding. his of because reelection Obama's for disaster a be now may hurricane the Interestingly
country. world third a like are cars--we their for gasoline get to struggling are People
Island. Long &amp; Island Staten to out water bottled of lots sending I'm
accepted! apology nice racist--very a me calling for apologize to office Tower Trump my to came .@TheRevAl
it. do to able be won't I her--sadly with coverage night election do to me ask to office my called .@BarbaraJWalters
professional. very language--not filthy than rather design on focus should Chrysler of .@RalphGilles
tuned! wouldn't--stay they said they after China to jobs @Jeep move to @Chrysler allow not should We
election. the after China to jobs @Jeep move Chrysler watch statement--but my disputes .@Chrysler
Obama. for negative a be yet may hurricane the storm from disarray total &amp; lines gas long With
Obama. for good be can't rose--this unemployment that morning this announced was It
hot! is country—Miami the in resort best the be will It Doral. National Trump to Doral acre 800 of name the changing be will I year Next
this. for asking people fairness—many &amp; professionalism their to as websites &amp; etc reporters political various reviewing start will I
public! the to lie to continues he And Benghazi? in die to out heroes American those leave Obama could How
applications? and records his show not did and charity for millions refused Obama why to as thought your is What
Benghazi? during taken photo the releasing about How Sandy. from photo room situation a released Obama see to Nice
say! to willing not just are they --- applications college his show not would Obama why knows Everybody
refused. have would he records his show to dollars billion a Obama offered have would I If
http://t.co/oK9SpIc7 transparency. of lack Obama's President to response video My
http://t.co/3Xz74ipi follow. to response Video release. Press
public. the to records and applications his show to refused Obama President that fact the to response my releasing be soon will I
deadline! the missed Obama President
will! China--and to manufacturing Jeep all send to wants Chrysler now and Chrysler out bails He negotiator. terrible a is Obama
industry. American ruining is He China? in jobs creating now bailout auto Obama’s is Why
day. election on GOTV can you so now voting early of advantage taken have you sure make supporters @MittRomney all To
http://t.co/ZlDYNMa1 @Newsmax_Media Ruddy Chris By America” for Sacrifice Billion $2 “Romney’s
doesn't. Florida and hurricane-- a by hit gets York New when crazy is world the know You
happy! so is China warming. global mythical fight can we so manufacturing &amp; factories our of competitiveness the destroy to continue Let's
hurricane? the for warming global blaming is @algore believe you Do
Coast. East the hit that hurricanes major 10 were there 1960 to 1954 From
charity! for millions up pick easily to Obama for go to hours Two AM: 10 It's
Carnegie Dale -- way." different a in again try and mistakes his from profit will man successful "The
Thanks! @stass13
break. a me President--give a like acting puddle a in standing now is Obama
records. his release first to Obama on is onus The to. donated be will $5M my charity which about concerned are people of lot A
offer! $5M the increase substantially will I you to important is it if Obama President
good! much so do could and easy so is It tomorrow. charity for check $5M the take please Obama President
honor. My #Sandy. of victims stranded to accessible atrium Tower Trump the keeping my on words nice the all for Thanks
endorsements! @NashuaTelegraph &amp; @NewYorkObserver @NewYorkPost @DMRegister the getting on @MittRomney to Congratulations
@CelebApprentice... of season upcoming the on far so together act his got really has Spoiler--@dennisrodman
services. distinctive most the w/ http://t.co/joOBdhFU house brokerage estate real premiere America’s be will Reality International #TRUMP
better. lot a do could @HBO think You'd stink. ratings his show--&amp; television a get @billmaher like dummy a does How
them. blame don't I transparency. of lack Obama’s with enough had have voters independent and undecided of lot A
records. his of all releases he once choice Obama’s of charity a to $5M the donate to than do to happier be would I nothing is There
http://t.co/rO04RZDP (cont) @AOL stupid how realize you makes Film Lucas of acquisition @Disney's behind plans and figures the at Looking
revenue. producing keep will which brand great a bought just Disney sides. both for deal smart a is Film Lucas of acquisition .@Disney's
Benghazi. in support military for pleading Woods Tyrone of tape 9.11 the release immediately should Obama transparency of spirit the In
underwater. US the put has he that day election on Remember NJ. in water in standing is Obama Barack Today
http://t.co/eXJyiGeB media. liberal the by ignored scandal Another week? final this collect Obama will donations foreign illegal many How
star. a be would I and Watergate next the be would this journalist a were I If article. amazing your on Gabriel Kevin Congratulations
noon. at tomorrow is date End Obama. President of foes and friends by read must A http://t.co/yt7LPuME Gabriel- Kevin by article amazing An
come. people &amp; things great build builder--I great a am I not. am night--I last marketeer" "master a me called .@oreillyfactor
http://t.co/8o8nz1PD Pageant Universe Miss 2012 discussing &amp; spoilers @CelebApprentice some away giving interview @jimmyfallon my of 2 Part
http://t.co/AvLO9Inf crane st. 57th &amp; tweets my atrium Tower #TRUMP Obama to offer $5M my discussing interview @jimmyfallon my of 1 Part
champion! A terrific. was it fact wrong--in competitor--nothing great a of that was night last Allen Ray to response Garnett's Kevin
Trump." Donald meet to want I Shaq "Forget crowd a to said @Celtics Garnett Kevin star school high young a when @SHAQ with standing was I
http://t.co/02ABDshA transparency about is offer my that explain I after cheers crowd the where @Late_Show from clip the Watch
go. will money the charity which to or charity-- to offer $5M my about administration his or Obama from much hearing not I'm
hiding? he is What it. doing be won't he like Looking charity. favorite his for $5M up pick to noon 12 at tomorrow until has President The
http://t.co/P8yJrMqH Bishop/NBC Lloyd Fallon.Photo: Jimmy with Night Late on tonight me Watch
thinking! your change hurricane the let Don't @MittRomney. towards trending are momentum &amp; polls The
storm. the to due appropriately @CelebApprentice of season 13th upcoming the of schedule filming the adjusted have We worry. shouldn't Fans
storm by hit are we day the gains market Their http://t.co/LfATjhuf losses of days consecutive 4 after yesterday rose market stock China’s
storm? the during ones loved lost have who 17 the of families the to $5M my donate should Obama Maybe
years? more 4 years. 3 last the in budget a passing without debt of worth $5T over accrued have Senate Democrat the and Obama Scary.
http://t.co/LYXCvaOl out. way easy the taking to opposed as open atrium Tower Trump the left I that happy are People
something? Hiding volition? own their of did predecessors his that releases record with comply shouldn't he believe Obama does Why
charity great another or Cross Red charity--for for $5M get to records his release should Pres.Obama think you if RT @RedCross @digiphile
terrific! is Taylor 12.5. on special nominations Grammy the co-hosting be will @taylorswift13 that hear to Glad
Monday. on Ohio in been have would he then storm the during campaigning with away get could he thought Obama if honest be Let’s
Benghazi? in Americans to help send to refused he after day the 9.12 on fundraiser Vegas Las a to go Obama did How
Touch --Midas anything." at successful be to impossible just it's focus "Without
interview G’ ‘Ali my of out walked immediately who person only the am I scams. for fall never I
heroes. American are They Responders. First 9/11 for charity a is to donation $5M my send could Obama cause great Another
http://t.co/ebUofUW0 Obama to offer $5M my extending and storm the from damage crane St. 57th the discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/Lz7tTurD storm the during Tower Trump in staying be would I that explaining Sandy Hurricane before interview @extratv My
history. American in recovery economic weakest the overseen has Obama GDP. 4% over quarter single a had not have years 4 last These
decline. economic Obama the of years 4 another afford can't we know Americans @MittRomney. towards trending is election The
http://t.co/0tf8Pm0n you! to thanks say I --- help TT for thanks said friends incredible many So
staff! storm--thanks the during safe &amp; warm people of thousands kept &amp; place great a such is atrium Tower Trump The
more! say I taxes--need lower to wants @MittRomney taxes raise to wants Obama this: Remember
states. to money free unlimited out handing by election the buy Obama let Don't
http://t.co/ONelqemC open. stayed I others unlike --- atrium Tower Trump the in time great a having People
coast. to coast from lambasted been have would I mishap crane the with building my were that if but builder best the am I
Thursday. on 12PM until charity favorite Obama's President for offer dollar million 5 my extending am I hurricane the of Because
it. for fall don't --- President real a is he like rain and water in standing today seen be will Obama but money out giving only Not
dollars. of billions out handing by election the buy will he again- Obama for luck good is Hurricane
storm. the for anchored properly not was crane the that accident before just window my from saw I
worse. was water the but bad were winds The amazing. is NYC to damage water The
out! move below precarious very --- side wrong crane's on are weights All
office. call Tower Trump of top from view direct need authorities If
http://t.co/fHVEFZd9 breeze. the in blowing secured properly never was Crane window. apartment from crane of view Direct
food. and coffee Free refuge. seeking are atrium--they Tower Trump the in people of hundreds of care taking are We
later. happens what see Let's news. on stated as bad as nearly not NY in well very handled being is hurricane the far So
terrible! was concert the because out walked I ago Years Obama. for vote to them told she when concert Madonna's on out walked people Many
http://t.co/BbBpnYfY (cont) he as him for good very be could storm The country. the for unlucky but himself for lucky is Obama said always I
lies. the stop and Wednesday on records his release must He absolute. are killings--emails the and Libya about 100% lied Obama
Obama. for disaster a is "probably" word US--the the in born "probably" was Obama that interview my during said @Late_Show Letterman Dave
go. will money the charity which to or charity to offer $5M my about administration his or Obama from much hearing not I'm
http://t.co/EMsJd6kP (cont) early his in smart considered not and student terrible a was he that is @BillMaher about know don't people What
Letterman. no are you Bill Leno. beat Letterman where night other the @Late_Show the on ratings my saw @BillMaher guess I
correct. politically being on insist always I because that say to refuse I woman unattractive extremely an is @BetteMidler While
standard? double a this Is won't. I so --- body or face ugly her about talk to allowed not I'm but hair my about talks .@BetteMidler
agree. I --- numbers poll his on effect negative huge a having is Obama to challenge my that saying are people Many
Obama. for disaster total a is probably word the country"--- this in born probably was he " said Letterman David when changed lot A
John! on Fight lazy. is he that is weakness his stated president the But lazy. president the calling for heat major taking is @johnsununu
terrific! You're friend. my be to supposed is he ...and did O'Reilly than more That's @BernardMcGuirk.
terrific! O'Reilly...you're on me defending and nice so being for Thanks McGuirk @Bernard
leader. no is nothing...he did He Benghazi. in attacked being was ambassador the that knew president Alert...The
will. never he takes...and it what have doesn't just he But star. a be to hard so tries @DonnyDeutsch
announcement. Obama my for me knocks he then him to favor a as show cable failed his did I request his at Apprentice on @DonnyDeutsch put I
President. our by designated charity good a to that than write rather would I check no is there saying by day the end to want I
anyone. than ratings get who people about more know I show— the on put to who about me call should Show TODAY The
http://t.co/aRI9KZf4 tiny... her saved I dead.” “professionally was she Apprentice The on her put to me begged Jones Star Before
long! for there be won’t she bet I’ll @AOL. at @huffingtonpost and Arianna w/ unhappy very are they hear I
@BillyHallowell by http://t.co/fASvk6gF LOT" A YOU TELL APPLICATIONS PASSPORT Announcement: Obama His About @theblaze Tells Trump "Donald
http://t.co/9TTwQFlI (cont) approves one No offer. charitable my accept doesn't he if further even drop numbers favorability Obama's Watch
say? he will what transparent fully be to offer my accept doesn't Obama If
something! hiding is he because all charity to $5M denied Obama that aware fully be will voter OH undecided every refused is offer my If
charity? to $5M deny ever anyone would Why gain. to everything has Obama Barack
http://t.co/TUck91xe @MittRomney w/ rallying stadium OH packed @RealMeatLoaf alumni &amp; @johnrich winner @CelebApprentice night Last Great!
@eonline via http://t.co/KY2wgyz4 Stunt'" Publicity a Not 'It's Bombshell: Obama "Big" His Defends Trump "Donald
http://t.co/1yGo1BNF the... on comment to me beneath “it’s said She agree. I – alive” woman “unsexiest voted Parker Jessica Sarah
records. his releases he if Wright Rev. to $5M my send to decide can't Obama offer. my to caveat a add to decided have I
Ohio. win Must can! you Know day. election GOTV can you so voting early of advantage take you sure Ohio--make in friends Party Tea fellow My
Wright. Jeremiah with talked just he report by stands @sfchronicle denial Obama's Despite transparency? the Where's
fun. great be will It crowd. OUT SOLD a dinner--to #GOP County Dutchess tonight's at guest special the being to forward Looking
write. to room have don't we much so about lied has he when BSer a @MittRomney call to Obama for audacious Pretty
Oprah. adore I cares who Anyway silent. is she Obama--now supported strongly she ago years 4 question. Good @Oprah? is where way the By
destruction. mass of weapons has Iraq thought Powell ...Colin
why? Wonder him. endorses still Powell Colin Yet mess. a is East Middle The sequester. the through mililtary the destroy to about is Obama
do. to thing horrible a be Would election! win to "bomb" Obama an of careful Be
VOTE! imploding. is likeability Obama's and polls national all leads He @MittRomney. toward trending but close still is election The
DJT guest? his was who guess time--and big night last ratings the won @Late_Show show Letterman Wow!
http://t.co/TMPHmSy7 four... the of family each to $1250000 give &amp; offer my take should Obama suggested followers Twitter many my of One
http://t.co/UblNbPat transparency about is and election the changes Obama to offer charitable my how @Late_Show the on explain me Watch
http://t.co/02ABDshA grades terrible his describes Dave and Obama to offer charitable my detail I where @Late_Show night's last from clip A
True! @crushthespirit
much. not predict last--I Arianna will longer much How @huffingtonpost. the buying made AOL mistake dumb a What
time. great a had it enjoyed you hope I Thanks @MikeMpef
agree. I @StephenAtHome @destiny_113
show.. great a was it Thanks @Late_Show @MaureenPeronne
will. I Thanks @Late_Show @MRJMF1
Section... Business NYTimes once-great the ruined who man the hired @huffingtonpost Arianna Stupid
recovered. never it's O'Brien--and Tim named loser real ...a
trouble! big in is she hear I story...but boring after story me--boring after really is @huffingtonpost Arianna Dopey
100... Top their in me include didn't they when credibility all lost Magazine @TIME that year last knew I
Newsweek. predicted fold--I will think I that magazines naming start soon will I ...
idea. Great @yewkalaylee
sake charity's the for so hope I @seketa77
Tylar Thanks @TylarReese
http://t.co/FjVYwWR4 charity.... to offer dollar million $5 my understand finally people around- things turned really show Letterman The
charity. $5M his as that choose should Warriors--Obama Wounded the love I @LianneOnLife
idea. good a like Sounds @RyanSeven
hide. to something has he because Only @Erizzle05
Taylor! for news Conor--great and Taylor Re: .@SabrinaSiddiqui
drain.... the down $5M throw to Obama for hard be will it believe I audience @Late_Show Letterman the from night last ovation the on Based
cause. charitable wonderful a to giving of ....instead
@TraceAdkins by well so represented Warriors Wounded the - Pres. the to recommendation a just to go could $5M the that charity great Another
Benghazi. in murdered were who heroes great our of families the to $5M the give should Obama that response of Lots
charity. for $ the take to Obama wanted really audience his see could You fun. of lot a had I night. last great was @Late_Show Letterman
Deserve We America --The wants." he than less for settles never and focused secretive cunning is dealmaker "The
transparent. be to refuses he because all charity to donated generously being from $5M stop may Obama Barack that shame a really is It
Enjoy before. times many there been I've but den lion's the into Sweeps.Going of nite 1st 11:30. at tonight @Late_Show Letterman David Doing
expires... Obama Barack to offer my until counting and days Six
go. easy an is records his for charity to $5M donate to offer my think would you returns tax Mitt's of years 20 demanded who someone For
gaffe. a was this think don't I http://t.co/Fe2gkSlg China" in here manufactured turbines "wind wants he said Obama Barack Yesterday
in. them rein to @MittRomney need We http://t.co/eShZeqgZ exports their through jobs our steal and us rob to continue to primed is China
@yankees him. loves York New guy. great a and player special very a is He well. going is recovery Jeter’s Derek hope I
@rcpvideo via http://t.co/8l3BpZf6 Transcripts" College Releases Obama If Charity To Million $5 Donate To Offers "Trump
reporting. political good of stock laughing a become really has @politico
charity. for dollars million 5 the take doesn't Obama If Wednesday? on response the be will What
wasn't. he --- U.S. for great be would Obama hoped lost he when but McCain supported fully I @michellemalkin
great! do always will He @EvaLongoria. over upset too be shouldn’t .@Mark_Sanchez
deal. the Take wins. Everyone choice. his of charity any to $5M redistribute to Obama Barack for chance the offering am I
Ann. Thanks night. last show @seanhannity’s on @AnnCoulter -- Trump.” Donald needs side “Our
once?) than more (and season last Year the of People Fascinating Most 10 the of one as me choose you did @theviewtv--Why .@BarbaraJWalters
View. The on ratings great get I Besides @Rosie. about right was I when did she like just me to apologize will @theviewtv .@BarbaraJWalters
it! get don't just announcement--you my of point entire the missed you've unfortunately Barbara @theviewtv .@BarbaraJWalters
Unbelievable. Donald. son their name not did @BillRancic &amp; @GiulianaRancic why about explanation an for waiting Still
Pattinson. Robert for stands invite Open 19th. december @Telemundo &amp; @nbc on live airing be will Pageant 2012 Universe Miss
Universe. Miss for ratings Great Pageant. Universe Miss 2012 the hosting be will @BravoAndy &amp; @GiulianaRancic that announce to Excited
past. her at look dummy--just a is She platform? conservative a get @michellemalkin does How
tweets. everyone's reading enjoying Really #ObamasFavoriteCharity. started have to happy am I
http://t.co/vWcygF7f support tremendous my &amp; transparency of lack his Obama to offer charitable $5M my discussing interview @gretawire My
@theblaze @billyhallowell By http://t.co/nnRuiikv IF..." CHOICE OBAMA’S OF CHARITY TO MILLION $5 GIVE HE’LL ANNOUNCEMENT: BIG "TRUMP’S
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/6u4mLrTs Records" College Obama for Million $5 Announcement: Trump "Donald
@DailyCaller @AlexPappasDC By http://t.co/9BnNCX4v records" passport college Obama for million $5 offers "Trump
thinking." all are we what say to guts the has who one only the are "You pro: total a by stated Just
convention. @NCGOP the at speech my after solidly Mitt for trending started It @MittRomney. for solid is Carolina North hear to Glad
public... American the to lying problem no has Obama that apparent is it night last released emails Benghazi the light In
charity. a to go million $5 have and people American the with clean come can he records his releasing By ...
charity. to going is $5M when Especially records? his release he can't Why secrets. security national leaking problem no has Obama
people American the with transparent is he that is asking am I All chooses. Obama Barack charity a to million $5 donate to happy am I
#Election2012 http://t.co/Cn8bn9LH records college and passport release you if charity to donation million $5 Obama: to @APCampaign:Trump RT
Obama? of puppet A truth. the report don't that phonies credibility--total no has @politico that learned just I
lose?” to have Obama does What charity. to million $5 easy an is “it says Sean As Obama. to offer my supports @seanhannity hear to Glad
positive. incredibly is response the fact in out--when it put &amp; find could they response or tweet negative every took @politico rate Third
record. full the get to chance last our This change. and hope on sold were people American 2008 In transparency. about is Obama to offer My
http://t.co/xCQbR1j2 records releases Obama if charity to million $5 give to Trump @ReutersPolitics: RT
http://t.co/V6VJbfzt Bush... W. George and Bush H.W. George Clinton Bill McCain John including candidates and Presidents all Virtually
you! Thank overwhelming! actually fantastic--- been has response The
http://t.co/fJNq2IJW release. press the is here stated As
http://t.co/fXrjjtDP 12:15. at follow to release press now announcement my Watch amazing! been has response the waiting-- been all have You
tuned! Stay incorrect. totally are release o'clock 12 my re: predictions All
Facebook. and Twitter on EST noon 12 at today released be will Story
Tzu Sun -- attack." the in victory of possibility the defence; the in lies "Invincibility
http://t.co/RXTnZI1o be... will I America. of States United the about is this Trump--- J. Donald about or event media a not is This
http://t.co/Vk0JPAb5 (cont) be will I America. of States United the about is this Trump--- J. Donald about or event media a not is This
Obama. behind--vote from leading is America told being and collapse world the having like you If
lost. are fired--they just was boss &amp; trouble big such in is @BBC wonder No
course. the play to hook the off ringing are phones the yet documentary--&amp; garbage of piece that played have never should .@BBC
Trump..." for rooting up end to not hard was it ...that
protesters... the of favour in biased so was Trumped' Been "'You've stated who @NeilMidgley reviewer @DailyTelegraph to you Thank
aggressive! more was Mitt wish only I night. last moderator debate as job excellent an did .@bobschieffer
again!" will &amp; you on cheated she her drop "Robert say to except time have don't Kristen.I &amp; Robert on more speak to me asking is Everyone
killing. Laden's Bin to respect in "I" of instead "we" said Obama time first the was night Last
credit! the of all wants he now Laden--- Bin after go to agreed he before times 3 not absolutely said Obama Barack
tomorrow! is announcement My
subject! one only on tweeting be will I Tomorrow
own! already they property over take only would they won they if because us with war to go never will China
President. the not killing Laden’s Bin on military and Seals Navy the congratulating start must Romney Mitt
debate. the winning him have polls some Yet night. last aggressive more been have should .@MittRomney
http://t.co/JwUXpmeP announcement big tomorrow’s and picks stock my debate presidential night’s last discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/Awn3F7tS (cont) take to hard works who Obama not death Laden's Bin for credit more given be should Seals Navy and military The
him"? get go "Ok said have not would that brain a with anyone there is Laden Bin had they that Obama informed military the When
http://t.co/UrrYw3uF (cont) other Now see? to world the for hero American an destroy to than do to things better have US the Doesn't
cheated! definitely handed.He red him caught they story--although sad Very energy. of out ran just then &amp; years 7 for fought Armstrong Lance
Spielberg Steven -- view." of point director's a from talent and skill than more destiny and fate is sometimes "Casting
record. terrible his with even it in Obama kept has He credit. of lot a deserves @davidaxelrod election the in happens what matter No
opening. an enemies his gave he stopping By charges. the fighting keep to had @lancearmstrong that said always I
Obama. under well done has someone least At http://t.co/pVppYf8l ago years 4 were they than off better are they say Chinese the of 70%
more. much mean I and policy-- foreign failed Obama's on aggressive more much been have should Mitt thought I but even pretty was debate The
down. way be will Viewership night. last watch to hard somewhat was Debate
7:30. at @SquawkCNBC doing be will I
#debate Laden. Bin killed Seals Navy The Laden. Bin killing for Obama congratulating Stop
forward. and backwards head his nodding stop should Obama and calmer much looks .@MittRomney
fairly. me treated Always tonight. job great a do will Schieffer Bob
live. tweeting be I'll goes. it how see let's debate- final the it is this Well
generous! Pretty http://t.co/6rzfGjMM economy the on 'C' a boss old his gave @Austan_Goolsbee adviser economic House White Obama Former
O.K. say is did he All credit. claiming Obama with happy be to seem don't They Laden? Bin killed who SEALs Navy the ask we don't Why
hrs. 24 after attack terrorist a was it Obama told CIA Benghazi. about lying for tonight hard Obama hitting @MittRomney to forward look I
see! and wait Obama---just Barack concerning Wednesday this announcement my about asking is Everybody
Robert. smart Be me. thank will he years of couple a In Stewart. Kristen dump should Pattinson Robert that right am I knows Everyone
Laden. Bin about bragging starts Obama when especially attack to openings many has policy.@MittRomney foreign on target easy an is Obama
arsenal. nuclear our discussing @MedvedevRussiaE to Obama flexibility." more have I election my After election. last my is "This
table. the off China and Libya wants He debate. tonight's in discussed be will it so Iran on story @nytimes that planted Obama
success! its to Key impeccable. atrium the keep I clockwork. like month a twice polished is atrium Tower's #TRUMP in brass The
you than smarter lot a is Piers course of but insane you drove He @PiersMorgan. on meltdown your during you for sorry very felt I .@Toure
thrilling. --very Frederick Spencer named boy baby beautiful a had just Vanessa wife his and Don son My
policy. foreign than more cover would debate tonight's wish I
Republicans! careful elected--be get to order in war a start to order in card Iran the play Obama let Don't
hello. say and by stop coverage racist and ratings bad your for MSNBC from fired are you when .@Toure
try. to nothing lose We autism. doctor-inflicted about something do administration Obama the doesn't roof--why the through rates Autism
lose. to have we do What shots! out spread single to back Go immediately. doses massive these Stop response. vaccine and autism of Lots
http://t.co/7UZEL9a0 bombshell" Obama Barack claims Trump "Donald @politico: Via
Wednesday. on probably announcement--- Obama big my for tuned Stay
hungry. you makes It work. doesn't just stuff it--this face Let's (soda). Coke Diet on comments my with crazy going are People
unreliable. &amp; expensive very are &amp; community or country a for disaster a are turbines--they wind about talking stop should Obama
tonight. debate the during tweeting live be will I
youl. need @Yankees the soon well get Derek
Obama! levels--fire crazy at are prices Gas
Virgil -- can." they think they because succeed "They
fantastic. are cars the @Cadillac--- at job great a doing are executives and Butler Don
go. must he Yankees--- the of chemistry the for bad is he is A-Rod with problem biggest The
dead. and wounded the Respect attack. terror a declared be should shooting Hood Fort
champion. great a is he success--- a be will it know I operation. his on Derek to luck Good
past. in like him for lucky be will It immediately. buildings my of one into back move must Derek
Tower. World Trump in apartment his sold he after day one ankle broke Jeter Derek
15% least at is unemployment yesterday.Real released number claims jobless the by evidenced as fraud complete a is number unemployment 7.8%
surprise! a What debt. in $10M over is convention @DNC Barack’s budget. under $3M over in came convention @RNC .@MittRomney's
"king" welfare &amp; stamp food the is He http://t.co/pHREg2Cj Obama. under 30% over up is spending welfare surprise No
later. than rather sooner be will Carter Graydon under which fold to @VanityFair for wait Can't
them. for even low new a is faith Mitt's on piece terrible .@VanityFair's
Sad! Washington?" to go disciples Wright Rev. "When on exposes @VanityFair the all were Where
http://t.co/piYd3HTt site @QVC on line jewelry @MELANIATRUMP's Follow
Graham. Franklin son his is so and man great a is @BillyGraham Rev.
@MittRomney. on community Christian the educating cycle election this work tremendous doing is Rev.@BillyGraham
night! last dinner Smith Al the at excellent were @MittRomney and Barack Both
Steinbrenner. George with deal to have don't they lucky are They season. post the in play their of ashamed be should @Yankees the of lot A
worse! any do can't You did. State Penn at board the than better lot a problems their handle America of @boyscouts hope I
Ohio. love years--I 2 for Cincinnati in worked &amp; there been place--I've great a is Toledo @rginn_1
25% me give Should ago yrs Vietnam/6 in Pageant Universe Miss my at appearance major 1st great--her is Gaga think I @ladygaga @RickyTheBitch
week. next away pull will Mitt lead. point 1 a with @MittRomney has poll NH released Newly
truth! the Americans already--tell clean come Just optimal." "not and road" the in bump "a attack Libya called has Obama
NYC. in place a need won't A-Rod soon Very year. next apartment his renting about A-Rod ask should Jeter Derek Maybe
Monday. coming this debate final the during tweeting live be will Yes--I
http://t.co/DqcwMXk8 fan A-Rod NOT is Trump "Donald @CraveOnline: Via
close! even not sadly No @stu120
http://t.co/TgYWt4my fraud a is number 7.8% the how and number unemployment real the discussing @IngrahamAngle with interview My
watch!). (just Katy careful tells--be and dates Mayer--he John like don't I but bargain no is .@katyperry
http://t.co/hvnHHs6G Apprentice Celebrity for line-up All-Star the about asking were you of Some
broken. permanently is It same. the be never will relationship the matter-- doesn't it Look Stewart/Pattinson on stories &amp; tweets many So
icon American once a destroyed U.S. said I No @lancearmstrong @D_Hastie
out! this check to need employers #TruthTour2012--All the on @JobCreatorsUSA Cain Herman &amp; Marcus Bernie to Congratulations
need! they information &amp; tools the get to employers for site great A http://t.co/rc7isiPh to go America in creation job about truth the For
bad! flames--too in down it--went blew really .@lancearmstrong
http://t.co/osKS2X87 (cont) to us allow not would ASA the and ad this created We Scotland. in press the of freedom have don’t they guess I
it! win will @MittRomney and Ohio to go will I or careful Be lines? his reading Springsteen Bruce to listen Ohio would Why
Thanks! @JakfromBk
drugs. by fueled weren't careers their but agree I @Yankees @MisterJoe49
graduate. Harvard a for usage word killings--bad embassy &amp; Ambassador to optimal" "not said Obama
http://t.co/a1muA6zj clip! the Watch night. last job great a did .@MittRomney
takes. it what have You up. give Never @evaemery
wall. the off covers newsweek my take to have now I'll sell. to @Newsweek Graham Donald by decision Great
failure? massive a be would @Newsweek that doubt anyone did charge in Brown Tina &amp; Diller Barry With
http://t.co/ZC0boYWu much. so community the helped have to honor great a is It
President! our like psyche--much @Yankees the to happened bad really Something
anymore! guy this watch can't ASAP--I A-Rod of rid get should .@Yankees
great! sound Thanks--you .@evaemery
well. Rosie--get info the for Thanks @realDonaldTrump @Rosie
tuned! week--stay next Obama President on announcement major a making be I'll
flies! certainly Time election. the from away weeks three than less are we believe Can't
Franklin Benjamin -- earned." penny a is saved penny "A
team? this to happened what terrible--- absolutely are Yankees The
India! love I @gastronome2
soon! again fighting start can we so well doing are you hope I going? recovery your is @Rosie--how Hey
smart! too far are Bill Coach &amp; Kraft Bob @Nationals @waycooljr37
luck! Good @JohnCena @megynkelly @seanhannity @YouthPastorDarr
stupid. plain just reason--otherwise the that's hope I @Nationals @toddulu
professional. total A @donmarie16
thanks. appreciated Greatly @CalumSpence
also. you meet to Great @Morali_Arch
economy. the on statement Clinton's Bill to course of referring was I @MittRomney @NeanderthalMan1
sister. your meet to wants that friend a have I @crazymom28
http://t.co/oeCVxEGZ at them order can You phenomenal. really are records--they setting is Serta by Collection Mattress Home Trump My
tape. red week--no a in project a with up go can You construction. the all believe couldn't I China visited I time last The
projects? energy green crony on today waste Obama Barack did money much How Thursday. It's
man. honest an was Bill said always Obama.I under fixed been not has economy the right is @MittRomney that today Ohio in commented Clinton
good? his for down him shut to decision the like still Washington will money more for team another for @Nationals leaves Strasburg When
horrendous. be must internals Their states. 4 on focused are they admitting publicly now campaign Obama's for sign Bad
back! is room.She board the in @Joan_Rivers see to happy be will fans ours Stars All w/ packed is @CelebApprentice of season next the While
you. for lucky is building--Trump Trump a in Derek--only apartment. an rent to wants @yankees Jeter Derek
happy. be will fans the year next @yankee a not is A-Rod If @Marlins. to shipped being A-Rod of talk is there Now
however. plays A-Rod hope I pressure. under good is CC A-Rod Unlike today. win will @yankees the think I
reconsider. would you girls Universe Miss the saw you If right. I'm but Kristen- dump should you saying for heat of lot a getting I'm Robert
Thanks! @darbizman
both). (or losers or jealous either are they Because @G_Harwood
http://t.co/1MzgzMrl (cont) of 103 page On startling. rather something you with share to wanted "I following: the me sent just reader A
follow? to TIME credibility. all lost nothing--they mean covers Newsweek my Now edition--sad. print ending Newsweek
Thanks! @WSJ @politico @espn @PartyCoveMag
did. never I you? bankrupt went Dopey--who @loveandgarbage
@WWE McMahon --Vince that." than thrill bigger no is there public the entertaining is world the in thrill biggest "The
Obama! have we why is fan--he II Bush a never was dummy--I records the Check @womenzbinder
bombed). (which documentary rate 3rd your watching by suffered only They @MailOnline @antbaxter
will--thanks. I @jeff_coles
wrong? ever I certain--am again--100 cheat will She reunion. Stewart Pattinson/Kristen my to response of Lots
Dinner Gala Annual @FollowTurkey Istanbul in project Towers Trump the of success the &amp; family Dogan great the honoring to forward Looking
possible! fraud--not a now is 7.8% news. bad Really 388000. to 46000 up claims jobless Alert--US
@WSJ. to @politico to @espn from spectrum every across covered are tweets Amazing--my
--@MittRomney years." four last the over deficits of trillion $5 about how up add doesn't that math about talking we're "When
care? even he Does future. children's our destroying and America burying is borrowing and spending Obama's
http://t.co/Lr6ENhWA gift great a Makes cologne. selling fastest for records sale set has @Macy's available exclusively #SuccessByTrump
already. stop just Obama http://t.co/6oXWvjnB phone cell a to right constitutional a about talking are Justices Court Supreme Great--now
Obama. for blame the took Libya--Hillary Re: .@ashleycam2883
growth. economic record spur will class middle the for cuts tax proposed Mitt's
http://t.co/latxc1K9 (cont) Woody both w/ friends good am I dilemma a have I @Patriots. &amp; @nyjets between weekend this match grudge Major
night. last truth tell not did Obama http://t.co/1ZISkkn9 10% over down is land public on production gas and oil administration his Under
them. of records--all college Obama's for ask should Mitt then debate next the in experience sector private Mitt's after goes Obama If
back! is He back? @johnrich Bring .@mystikangel
http://t.co/qygbZxZZ (cont) film the of out get and hint a Take disaster. office box massive his about ashamed be really should .@antbaxter
http://t.co/d10u18dh (cont) doesn't that junk with it replace &amp; asbestos retardant fire powerful incredibly remove didn't we If .@dubephnx
risk. this taking for credit given be should We all. it lose can and money their with risk big a take people that is said never is What
fight? fist a into get did actually candidates the if country the for been have would it embarrassing how imagine you Can
better! much do can He watch. again--just it do will &amp; dog a like him on cheated She Stewart. Kristen back take not should Pattinson Robert
quarterback. great a not but athlete great a is @eagles Philadelphia the of Vick Michael
mentioned. not am I when happens what See dropped. viewership debate 2nd say reports Initial
muscles. his of instead system court the use to has he bad up--too set was @HulkHogan--he friend my about read Just
Donald. son beautiful your named have should You Bill- @BillRancic
there. you got they A-Rod even starters his play must @Yankees Girardi Joe
CC for quit won't they finished are and quit they like look @Yankees the While
selfish! very is He http://t.co/ocd4ZHlD dugout the from girls on hitting still was he But stranded. 6 left and 0-3 was A-Rod Saturday Last
necessary votes all had he when years 2 first the in especially it do just he didn't hell the do--why to going is he what about talks Obama
style. and substance both on night last scored .@MittRomney
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/VAisvQlh Documentaries" 2012 Tops America' 'Obama's Right: Was "Trump
devastating. be can decisions ...Bad
chance... second a given not are presidents world real the in But day. another fight to lives He out. knocked not but beaten was Obama
helpers. early the remember will Mitt board. on coming rapidly are lose would @MittRomney said that guys the All
aesthetically. &amp; environmentally economically tubes the down go will country our turbines wind pushing keeps Obama If
disaster. a are Windmills are. they destructive how &amp; turbines wind terrible on piece opinion great your on @NYPost--Congrats Bryce Robert
care. don't stuff this with up came who idiots the careful-- Be cancer. cause can lightbulbs friendly" "environment new Remember
communities. &amp; countries many of environment &amp; finances the killing are they birds of millions killing only not are turbines Wind
http://t.co/9sL1WhVF @NYPost today's in Bryce Robert by turbines wind on article Great
fan. Yankee time long a am I @RealMicihaelKay. with yesterday @yankees discussing enjoyed Really
http://t.co/kom7x1ZP A-Rod" fire would Trump "Donald @espn: Via
Thanks @marileenelson
http://t.co/dlErLZAE contract his terminate to how &amp; @yankees from fired be should A-Rod why discussing @RealMichaelKay with interview My
newspaper. own your having like It's "biggies." the all million--&amp; 2 over be soon will followers twitter My
truth. the tell enemies my make actually can I that powerful so become has twitter My
him! past it put Don't win. to conflict major or war a start to have he'll like Looks Obama. for bad really look to starting are Polls
decisively. lost still time--but last did he than better much did Obama
don't! I night? last president a like looked Soetoro) Barry (aka Obama Hussein Barack believe you Do
period! win not do just we country a as energy win not do we If coal. and oil on credibility zero has Obama
winner! a is he Derek love still I
foot. his broke he it sold he after day The you. for lucky been apartment...its Tower World Trump your sell don't Derek said I Remember
ago. time long a me lost He it? do he didn't why saying kept I do. to going is he what of talking kept President the debate the At
defeated. truly look @Yankees but great pitched Verlander
dummy. another just he's and spectacles little his off Take ago. months 3 chance no @MittRomney gave Will George Stupid
exciting. is anything speak(boring) Will George heard ever you If saw". ever he debate "best said Will George
blows. to come would they like looked it point one At other. each hate really guys these showed--- Debate
#debate night. Good wins. @MittRomney again but time last than better Obama
economy. and jobs our killing China about nothing done have but President Mr. tough talk You
done. gets nothing wonder No Obama. from answers boring and rhetorical long Such
answer. no has Obama problems. East Middle and Libya on better much .@MittRomney
Clinton. Bill no is he Clinton-- Bill namedropping keeps Obama
years. 4 Prez been He's action. no words All immigration. on weak Obama
sharp. and strong looking is @MittRomney weak. and rhetorical looking is Obama
credibility. less and less has he admit- to Obama for mistake big investor"--- successful very "a was @MittRomney said just Obama
talk. all It's it? done he hasn't why but something--- do will he that saying keeps Obama
Presidential! more much and stronger much looks .@MittRomney
prices? high record hitting is gasoline come how Then
@MittRomney. by jobs on response Good
jobs? our take others and China let Obama has Why
jobs? created Obama hasn't Why
rumble"! to ready get "let's say they as debate--- the watch to ready Getting
agree. compliment--I nice Very country. the in elite most the are courses golf my that players @PGATOUR top the of one by told just was I
would. we believe don't just Age.They Stone the to away them blow could we know they because Iran with deal a negotiate to able be should We
Macy's--thanks! at great selling is It @drumline_mormon
election? the before right attack embassy Benghazi the for Libya hit to planning is Obama only purposes political For
impressive. Very road. the on behind points 24 from coming Diego San in @Denver_Broncos &amp; Manning Peyton by night last win Great
win! will they so 7 6&amp; games to go will I And series. the salvage still can they then tonight Verlander beat somehow can @yankees the If
tonight! for ready Get
job. great a doing are You you. love Olivia--we @MissUSA
quickly. down quiet will transcripts--he &amp; records college his for ask just tonight wise gets Obama .@MittRomney--if
great. be will you doubt no tonight--have @MittRomney luck Good
twice. vote to people telling handed red caught was @DNC fraud. voter Democrat more exposing on @JamesOKeefeIII to Congratulations
Benghazi. in embassy our attack to 'revolution' called so their during them supplied we weapons used Libya in terrorists the bet I
http://t.co/CcRkSlHY America'" to threat biggest the is Leadership of @realDonaldTrump--'Lack w/ Questions Five "@BrettMDecker: .@washtimes
President. other any than scandals security national more had has Obama Furious &amp; Fast and leaks security national the Libya Between
deserves. he credit the gets he Party--hope Republican the for job fantastic a doing is .@reince
asleep. fell but watching tried I .@antbaxter
debate the tweeting live be I'll timing bad -- 9 at tonight on me with America" Built Who Men "The wonderful .@History's
real. for is he if see to want humongous--people be will audience tonight's debate first the in pathetic so was Obama Because
garbage. that drinking keep still I'll okay me--that's with happy not is company Cola Coca The
folks! week--thanks by week bigger get they And ratings. highest the draw @CNBC and @foxnews on interviews scheduled weekly amazing--my It's
consistent. is he least At row. a in year fourth the for deficit budget dollar trillion another had just Obama
worked. stuff the wish I response--dammit monster a had tweet Coke Diet
fool! stupid successful--you so Scotland Links Golf International Trump make &amp; promote helping for Thanks .@antbaxter
talent. zero opinion my in have You deaths. many died documentary Your .@antbaxter
@CelebApprentice. of season All-Star this to returning be will winner season first my reports--@BillRancic the confirm can I
re-elected. is Obama if @Israel for nightmare a be will it right absolutely is .@rupertmurdoch
games playoff in ERA good a have not Does beatable. very but great is Verlander
followers. many my to tweets live do could I that so tonight debate the to going down turned I
@MittRomney. watching be all We'll tonight. well really do will Mitt that doubt no have I
over. be could it well perform doesn't he If A-Rod. than more tonight--even Obama on pressure of Lots
hurt. Derek with them--especially to it owes Yankees--he the for night great a has A-Rod hope I
Birthday! Happy @jbluvx2
go! must Obama vote. your waste @MittRomney--Don't from votes pulling Johnson Gary Gov.
@AP via http://t.co/Jhv9xFF9 All-Stars" 'Apprentice' 14 with back Trump's "Donald
debate. Presidential the during night tomorrow tweeting live be will I demand popular very on Based
@MittRomney -- government." of hand heavy the than better and faster moves always market the of hand invisible "The
Trump J. by."Donald go time let ride things let just is do can you thing best the "Sometimes
finished! is Obama night tomorrow debate good a has @MittRomney If
records &amp; applications college up bring should Mitt http://t.co/3F5Sqe6A debate tomorrow's in Bain on Romney attacking on planning is Obama
@ABC via http://t.co/K6xUXSwa Manipulation" Currency China on Administration Obama Slam Ryan "Romney
us. from money and jobs more even steal China helped just He manipulator. currency a as China classify to fails Obama again Once
off. rip $30M/yr a is He perform. doesn't he and money any @yankees the make doesn't He charity. to contract his donate should A-Rod
well. doing Mitt's Intrepid. the at supporters @MittRomney for gala tonight's at speaking to forward Looking
history. US in politician overrated Most is. he think you who not is Obama Barack
think. you who not is He mess! a create that would Boy applications? and records college his release Obama that time it Isn't
hungry. you makes just work- doesn't it it face let's Coke- Diet on comment my to response of Lots
juice! the on was he though even Avenue--- Park Trump at lived he when player great a was A-Rod
karma? sell- to not him told I Tower- World Trump at apartment his sold he when ago days 3 until career great a had Jeter Derek
people! great @LibertyUniversity--such love I
great. him made that drugs only was it but chance a him give to want We it. making not just is A-Rod
Boeing. the lose to want doesn't he debate- next at hard very trying be will Obama
weeks! 2 in smarter gotten he has debate- next the in better do will Obama says Who
knockout. total a be will it and performance debate great more One good. really looking are numbers poll .@MittRomney's
Coke. Diet drinking person thin a seen never have I
win. they go I When either. today go can't yesterday- game @Yankees the at wasn't I No
http://t.co/2rVgPfmo (cont) problems"- all solves win("Winning they if matter won't Boring- ever- uniform worst the have Nets Brooklyn
pitcher. underrated highly a is Kuroda today. win can Yankees
leave. and up step to him for Time bat. at first hard ball hit A-Rod
night. last field right in ball caught have should Swisher
confidence. some him get short- at A-Rod Try Derek. without trouble in are .@Yankees
champion. great a is he Jeter--- Derek to happened finally thing bad A
lose. to deserved they Strasburg- down shutting Washington for much So
late. too before paint and Scrape away. rotting and rusting is Bridge Verrazano-Narrows beautiful on steel Roadway
lineup. the in A-Rod put everything despite Tonight
reason. real the anymore-- drugs use to able being not his on it blames writer sports one Not A-Rod. with wrong what's wondering Everyone's
killer. pervert the to death mutilated--- was body Colorado--- in Jessica found They
series. this Yankees the managing of job great a did Girardi Joe
win. to people best country's) our(this use doesn't he because Washington like just down goes Obama bet I'll
won. have would they relieve-- to Strasburg in brought have should Washington
doing". we were what " say will Washington agency free under years of couple a in leaves Strasburg When
win. @Yankees the game @Yankees a to go I whenever you told I
Bennis G. Warren -- reality." into vision translate to capacity the is "Leadership
important. very is Loyalty them. let never back--I come to begs and me leaves employee an When
again. name my use will Obama if wonder debate--I presidential night's Tuesday to forward look I
debate. the at way own his in effective totally each but styles different Very
--@PaulRyanVP policy." foreign Obama the of unraveling the is screens TV our on watching are we "What
elected. was he since 200% over risen has alone corn of price The families. working hard on inflation causing are policies economic Obama's
advisors. boardroom as returning also are @piersmorgan &amp; @ArsenioOFFICIAL @johnrich @Joan_Rivers cast Star All amazing our With
special! something be will This cast. new the of announcement today's with happy are fans @CelebApprentice loyal our that hear to Great
act. his up cleaned really he like looks .@dennisrodman
there. am I when win always on--they them root to tonight game @Yankees the to going I'm
me. for honor great world--a the over all from accolades receiving is course Scotland My
#VPDebate night. last well really did candidates both that admit must hence me- to important is Credibility
Matt. like really I great- was @MLauer with @todayshow the Doing
believe? you Do grounds." "compassionate on #103 flight Am Pan of bomber released Scotland of Minister First
Roosevelt D. Franklin Pres. -- still." standing of way one only but forward going of ways many are "There
yet! season best the for back you have to Great @ApprenticeNBC @dennisrodman
Terrible. it. afford can't they because businesses their down scale to have friends my of Many disaster. complete a is ObamaCare
U.S. the in kill they birds of thousands the for lovers bird by turbines wind to given name the bangers"-- "Wing
windmills. Scottish destroying environment &amp; unwanted on pounds of billions wasting by himself of fool a making is Cameron PM British
watch. etc.-- cast @ApprenticeNBC introduce to now @TodayShow to over Going
#VPDebate think? you do What stronger. somewhat statement closing Ryan's However knockouts. no debate- even Pretty
#VPDebate combat. and back come now must Ryan effective. very are Medicare on statements Biden's
#VPDebate Ryan. for moment good very @MittRomney- on story Excellent
#VPDebate watching. is who on depending effective be not may or may smiling sarcastic Biden's
#VPDebate can. he best doing but mess Libya justify to Biden for Hard
#VPDebate mind. the and mouth the to up it's now sharp- looking are candidates Both
#VPDebate fun! and informative be should this ready- Get
assessment. honest very with live tweeting be will and tonight debate the to forward Looking
http://t.co/sP2DCsqI here campaign her Support DC. to outlook great a bring will who businesswoman elite an is .@Linda_McMahon
http://t.co/5wDEDsJZ data jobs September the on doubt more even casts report labor government New right. is @jack_welch that sign Another
guy? this is Who http://t.co/upa00265 inscription? arabic an have ring Obama's Barack does Why
today? collect Obama did Arabia Saudi and China from donations illegal many How election. the until days 26 only and Thursday It's
bio! book his like Sounds http://t.co/6KErqMup prince Indonesian an and royalty Kenyan was he that classmates tell to used Obama So
history U.S. in dumbest are decisions policy foreign Our
time great a be debate...should VP tonight's during tweeting Live
protection?! for guns loaded have can't they security embassy our telling off get government Libyan the does hell the How
scandal. real the is That place. first the in "rebels" Libyan the help we did hell the Why
http://t.co/Gfppvzc2 mother Smith's Sean Amb. US to lied and stonewalled continually has administration Obama disgusting--the Outright
debater. feisty and seasoned a is He gaffes. his by fooled be Don't tonight. well do could @JoeBiden suspect I
watch! beater--just a always is beater A wish. death a has she then again @chrisbrown dating is @rihanna If
well. so did and game @yankees night's last of most throughout injury an with played Jeter Derek that Amazing
prediction) my (see 9th the in him benched hadn't Girardi if lost have would @yankees bench. the to relegated now is A-Rod and year a $30M
hero. American an down take to money taxpayer of waste A report. Brutal cold. Armstrong Lance have they guess I
@MLauer with @todayshow the on ET 7:30am at tomorrow announced be will cast .@Apprenticenbc
Jeter. Derek loves Tower World Trump at staff The -- "mildly" it put A-Rod--to disliked Avenue Park Trump at Staff
deal apartment an on me with dealings A-Rod--dishonorable of dislike my why Asking
(drugs). misrepresentation on based contract his terminate Now game. of out A-Rod take to move Great
Ford Henry -- it." with not wind the against off takes airplane the that remember you against going be to seems everything "When
you Thank @usa67us
donations. foreign getting candidate Foreign http://t.co/VQI57pcd abroad from fundraising illegal Obama's on article read Must
waterfall. &amp; Atrium five-level the see to world the across from travel People #TrumpTower. in tourists meeting enjoy I
governor. fantastic a is Rick policy. fiscal his on @CatoInstitute from grade "A" an getting on @FLGovScott to Congratulations
investment. killing is Obama http://t.co/xRJlsxqB China into money throwing still are firms American projections profit lower with Even
night! Thursday on careful Be Obama. about am I than debate the in Biden about concerned more am I
@MittRomney -- Bird." Big saving about talking week last the spends president the when head your scratch to have "You
cooked. is number unemployment 7.8% the indicator Another http://t.co/BG0U7bYz September in fell spending Consumer
drugs. without perform can't simply He win. to want they if tonight line-up Yankees the in dropped be must A-Rod
fair? is this think people Do http://t.co/1XB8OK2t wedding Raddatz's Martha moderator debate VP at guest was Obama
people. Great mine! all was honor The speech. convocation my for students @LibertyU from letters you thank of thousands Receiving
thinking? he is What http://t.co/nkPWyb1m debate the won he that thought actually DELUSIONAL--Obama
Bird. Big about talking us wants Obama And unemployed. grads college of 50% unemployed. Americans 23M Over stamps. food on 47M
Media? donations? foreign online illegal from campaign his into money laundering handed red caught been Obama Barack Has
night. Wednesday on Obama of me reminded clue--he a have didn't he someone fire to had just I
again. great become we whether decide we election this In founding. our since test greatest America's until days 27
fraud! voter of careful Be votes." the counting is who matters for--it vote you who matter doesn't "It
pressure. under reacts he how see Let's debate. next the in well perform to pressure of great a under is Obama
careful! Be Hillary. to lost have should line--he finish the across limped Obama Remember
A-Rod. like just out psyched is debate--he second the in well do will Obama think don't I
Mitt -- Putin." Vladimir with flexibility no be will there this On threats. against protect to defenses missile effective implement will "I
promise. I interesting very be will It night. Thursday debate Presidential Vice the during live tweeting be also will I request popular By
friends. again are David--we you Thank racist. a me calling for night last apologized fully @Late_Show .@DavidLetterman
weeks… coming the in background true his and Obama Barack on information more lot a learn to about is public The
desperate. is He Iran. or Libya in strike a launch to him for watch – tailspin in are numbers poll Obama’s that Now
winner. real a spot still can public American the that shows post-debate polls the in rise subsequent Mitt’s
Billionaire a Like Think - estate.” real about know to need you smarts business your improve and wealth your build to order “In
debate? the in policy energy his about brag to trying was he that Obama about say it does what prices gas high record these With
fun. of lot a be Will debates. the of rest the during tweeting live to forward Looking
election! the after Sadly corrected? be numbers unemployment the will When
@politico via http://t.co/JjVkVmNE jobs" on business’ ‘Monkey Trump: "Donald
win. couldn't Romney said he month Last moron. political a is Will George
lot. a again him like I Clemens. Roger friend his out rat not did Pettitte Andy end the In
player. pressure a not Also use. drug unreported on based salary his cut and order the in A-Rod Drop
http://t.co/p8U4JmYg media bias &amp; unemployment of state real the debates upcoming the discussing interview #TRUMPTUESDAY @SquawkCNBC My
prices? gas ridiculous from us protecting Obama isn't Why
Obama. for event election-losing An follow. to others roof the thru going prices gas California
time. wasting just are currency--they own their to back go &amp; euro the of out get should Greece
hard! work = out Shout .@ErraticSLK
decision. wise a made They Cardinals. Louis St. for great playing is .@carlosbeltran15
GE. running was Jack while brave so been have not would reporters correct--these is .@jack_welch
pleased. be will fans Our @CelebApprentice. season's next on soon very announcement major a expect should viewers loyal many Our
you. mention likewise will I unfairly me mention you whenever -- @chucktodd eyes Sleepy
years. more four afford can't We http://t.co/QR8vZIcP $1.1T at that double actually is It $557B. of deficit budget 2012 a projected Obama
growth stagnant and unemployment massive more Expect http://t.co/A8UyBknk businesses small million 1 over hit will hike tax planned Obama's
ours? in supports Chavez think you do Who 'reelection?' his on him congratulate and Chavez Hugo call to Obama for take it did long How
player. and guy great a is He pass. TD a with games consecutive 48 with record @NFL the setting on @drewbrees to Congratulations
debate. presidential next the during tweets live doing be will I many- of request the At
jock. @jack_welch's carry can't He Obama. for bag the in is He reporter. a of joke absolute an is @chucktodd eyes Sleepy
Obama? for voting is who bureaucrat government some or @jack_welch great employment--the of state the on believable more is Who
years? more Four http://t.co/0acwArSn stamps food on now are Americans 46.68M record A
http://t.co/sal9WpKV Obama. want They China. were I if thing same do would I
http://t.co/6Y1UToMt numbers unemployment real the and policy foreign dangerous and failed Obama's discussing interview @foxandfriends My
penalty. death trial incidents--fast many Too perverts. the by grabbed chidlren missing these about something do to Got
kidding)! (just mentioned prominently so am I when happens what See record. new A Debate. Presidential the watched people 70M than More
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E Centre. ExCel the in speech Sunday’s to forward Looking
@jack_welch -- wins.” players best the with team “The
CO! win go Now appearance. surprise a made even @MittRomney debate. the from momentum the up kept #CPACCO .@acuconservative's
#Obama #Debate debate? 2nd a in better do Obama would Why clothes. no has Emperor knows--the America Now
race. the recast it--@MittRomney called @GovChristie friend My
person. terrific a is She well. doing is @RobinRoberts that hear to Glad
Thanks! requests. of lots week---- next back get I when #trumpvlog new a do to promise I
Newton --Isaac reaction." equal an opposed always is there action every "To
http://t.co/fZGWVH5E Harbor Pearl through 1776 from than debt more added US the Monday On Unsustainable: &amp; Scary
--@MittRomney facts." own your to not but house own your to and airplane own your to president the as entitled you're President "Mr.
trail. the on out surrogate effective most Obama's been has Clinton Bill
playoffs! the in luck great--good is Jeter Derek East. AL the in 1st finishing on @Yankees to Congrats
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E everyone! for time great a be will It success. about talk to Centre ExCel the at Sunday on London in be I'll
too. good is Amazing @HighTide1989
February. in likely Most @celebapprentice @LuLuCornbread
cast. great terrific--a be will @CelebApprentice of season upcoming The
media? the Where's guy? this is Who http://t.co/5gVYTUOY 'stuff' rich's the taking about talking him with 2002 from speech Obama another Now
anniversary. 20th their on Obama Barack and Michelle to Congratulations
daily. everyone to speak to great It's alone. yesterday 14000 over up picked We twitter. on followers 1.5M passed just have to Happy
happens. what see Let's team. Obama the to devastating be could performance debate The polls. next the awaiting eagerly I'm
London. in you See event. great a be Will @tonyrobbins @FSTLTD
positive. stay to need You life. my throughout well me served have picture big the remembering and optimistic being Both
roast. @ComedyCentral my at job amazing an did He host. Oscar great a be will .@SethMacFarlane
you. Thank @Ajb073
them. on up giving are governments wonder No energy. or returns worthwhile produce don't and effective cost not ugly are farms Wind
debate. the during tonight twice mentioned been have to honored greatly was I creator job big a As
tonight! fantastic absolutely was he good only not was He Romney. Mitt to Congratulations
Tzu --Sun attack." the in victory of possibility the defence; the in lies "Invincibility
ObamaCare. into move to $700M over Cut Obama. Barack that's and medicare cut who candidate one only There's
call! Good http://t.co/HgP9Kf1W freedom' human for longing 'joyful from sprung Spring Arab called so the said Obama 2012 August In
high. how asked Obama jump. to Obama told just China heard? you Have
him. for covers always press the how also but racist a is Obama that shows only not released just @DailyCaller which speech '07 Obama's
universal. be can excellence that proves continents 4 across brand Trump the properties.Seeing foreign my to travel I when amazed always I'm
you. Thank @SiphoSimelane
you Thank @escobedoantonio
absolutely. Yes @Lexi_Michaels
up! give never and hard Work @escobedoantonio
http://t.co/zttJIArK Scotland. of Dunes Great the see to great Always tomorrow. Scotland in Links Golf Int'l Trump visiting be will I
press? the or advisors campaign tonight--his more Obama for rooting is Who
night. great a be to going is This watch. can I so Europe to trip my delayed debate--actually tonight's for wait Can't
http://t.co/XGUc2w66 unemployment and tweets my records hidden Obama's responses debate @MittRomney discussing interview @gretawire My
Ivanka! of proud very am I
http://t.co/mraKH93c (cont) Also Award. Leadership Young 2012 the with Finance of School Wharton the by honored being is Ivanka daughter My
crowd! London--big in you See @DavidRoyEarle
aside. shunted was he which in manner the and Obama for hatred great have must Wright Reverend
dog! a like him dumped leader--then great &amp; counselor friend his Wright Reverend called Obama
racist? total a Obama speech--is 2007 June See
http://t.co/0Fok04gl 2011 surpass already debt 2012's having for Obama Barack to Congratulations
me. ask they if slabs marble large beautiful with replace will I me. bothered always UN at speaker behind tiles marble sq. inch 12 cheap The
taxes? Mitt's at looking busy Too Furious? and Fast of expose new Univision's on reporting media stream main the is Where
Media?? http://t.co/rFLwJBxy Furious and Fast through him to provided weapons with arrested just was Diego El boss cartel Mexican Major
http://t.co/2Tgk3VIj market housing hurt will and code tax the complicated further even has ObamaCare how about article great A
Birthday Happy a wife your Wishing .@ritter1025
Obama? for attacks embassy the up cover to continue media the will much how Tuesday It's
pm. 10 at @foxnews on tonight @gretawire on be I'll
Mitt. for state win must a is CO Colorado. in @MittRomney endorsed has Elway John famer of hall and legend @nfl that hear to Great
ever. policy foreign Worst Egypt. controls now Brotherhood Muslim the Libya over taken has Qaeda Al Iraq over taken has Iran Obama Under
patriotism. real shows games win @nyjets his than election the win @MittRomney have rather would he that comments Johnson's Woody
place. the own already They not? Why computers. House White hacking now are Chinese The
destiny. their control now company &amp; Jeter East. AL of control take to night last @Yankees by win Big
watching. be will voters million 70 Over election. the of one day is debate Wednesday's
Embassy. our over flew it '12 Sept. In http://t.co/wHonaVoR revolution Libya's of 'birthplace' the over flew flag Qaeda's Al '11 Nov. In
fun. be should that new Something Oscars. year's this hosting be will @SethMacFarlane hear to Glad
http://t.co/ZhKkdqlj Coach Katie the on audience @katiecouric's take I where @KatieShow from clip A
http://t.co/5LAqS6tR days 35 last the &amp; debate first the win can @MittRomney how discussing interview #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC My
applications &amp; records college Obama's for ask immediately should Mitt then debate tomorrow's in returns tax Mitt's mentions Obama If
politics! sleazy of example Another http://t.co/xXsMHcV7 Virginia in notices layoff sequester block to trying is Obama
intimidated! be Don't http://t.co/bDlYuEit office GOP Michigan the to made being are supporters Obama from calls phone Threatening
Cronyism! http://t.co/efTeSrBC company solar a to $197M of guarantee another made just He money. our wasting loves Obama
amazing. possible--really it made we after Libya over taking Qaeda Al
Obama." for vote I'd American were I "If Sunday on aired that interview television a in said Chavez Hugo leader Venezuelan
pay! to price big bulbs"--a light "environmental" new from risk cancer Big
Moronic. us. hate that people to going have don't we Money Brotherhood. Muslim the to $450M another give to wants now Obama
U.S. on focus and there of out hell the get Let's training? are they Afghanis the by shot be to have soldiers our of more many How
Welch --Jack success." as teacher a good as be often can mistakes that learned "I've
Deal the of Art --The fragile." more it makes success anything If that. change doesn't success and fragile very is "Life
destinations. tourist top country's the of one is #TrumpTower
officers. intelligence and military brave our to goes praise The Laden. Bin of killing the for credit less much deserves Obama
soon. very tough get must @MittRomney and Republicans
#TimeToGetTough issue. the record terrible Obama's Make offense. on stay to needs @MittRomney election. the until days 36 Only
Indonesia." in raised Kenya in "born states autobiography why Obama ask should @MittRomney debate In
http://t.co/t9vhQRDk next? what's House--- White on Cyberattack
accountable. held be should He Libya. in consulate our on attack Qaeda Al the about public the to lied Obama
Edison Thomas -- ourselves." astound literally would we of capable are we things the all did we "If
http://t.co/8xWU3DTh months 38 last the in household per $3040 fallen have incomes American
you. with family and friends your Bring possible. as soon as voting be should you voting early with state a in live you If
http://t.co/XfqXZyBh great. was interesting--Woodward very was @hannityshow on Woodward Bob with interview Sean's
there. wasn't @AmbassadorRice bad Too UN. the at yesterday speech excellent an delivered @netanyahu .@IsraeliPM
times. all at focus your keep and do you what love to have You @Mr_Schwab
us. on large Living http://t.co/G2Nvr2ZH entertainment expenses--including in $1.4B us cost Obamas family. royal the on $57.8M spent Brits
science. exact an are--not results polling the of all different how amazing It's
@theRealKiyosaki with Touch' --'Midas time." same the at big think to enough broad be to has focus your successful be "To
schools. business in studied being already is which deal fantastic a was estate Kluge the of acquisition successful My
@trdny via http://t.co/sTJXhgbK winery" family to adjacent mansion buys "Trump
birthday. happy a and luck good you Wishing @jeffphilbin
events. sporting great truly the of one is on--and going currently is @rydercup The
http://t.co/XYRcSm74 recovery? the Where's August. in 13.9% record a fell orders Manufacturing US working. not is Obama
@TrumpGolfLA Verdes--http://t.co/oLHyNmOj Palos Rancho Angeles--- Los in course great our at look a for video this Watch
Apprentice. the on job Great (always). terrific are You .@LisaLampanelli
combination. formidable a it's so once at patient and tough you're means tenacious Being tenacious. Be
them. of lot a negate can small too thinking &amp; possibilities &amp; opportunities always are There mind. in picture big the Keep
http://t.co/IeJ1pMAy (cont) collapse will country sacrifices.The our for nothing absolutely got We mistakes. biggest our of one was Iraq
Touch accomplishment."--Midas for force powerful very a be can something for vision a "Having
best! your Look http://t.co/ils4Ysod @Macys suit #Trump a up Pick meeting? big a for ready getting professional young a you Are
work. your for passion have and tenacious Be high. standard--aim gold the for Go @BENJAMINPRICE18
Churchill --Winston going." keep hell through going you're "If
Post. Huffington buying made they deal stupid that for @AOL at fired be must Someone
this? doing not he is applications--why &amp; records college Obama's for ask must .@MittRomney
now. them stop don't we if everything own will They overseas.http://t.co/WOfGLvNL expanding are Institutions Financial China's
Presidents. other than Obama under faster much rising are Costs failure. a is ObamaCare
wins. he if debt new in $12T like More http://t.co/uTnOkmdd term 2nd a during jobs new million 12 guaranteeing is campaign Obama's Now
snow. that in skiing be won't crazy--I going are Environmentalists snow. make to sewage using is Arizona in resort A
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E London in October this Conference Achievers National the at how out Find too. should You do. I what love I fun have I
hard. fight must They face. will they what is that because election this blow they if Party Third a for ready is @RNC the hope I
House." White the in Muslim black a have "we said she concert a At Barack? about don't all we something know Madonna Does
http://t.co/kkJz0Xd2 (cont) are they as attacks Embassy the on statements inconsistent Obama's with concerned as were @AP morons the only If
crowd. Convocation ever largest Liberty's http://t.co/uQGWpvKj speech @LibertyU my of video full The
Deal the of Art The -- game." the playing is excitement real The score. keep to way a as except me for motivation big a never was "Money
made? is call bad a when -- refs" replacement the back "bring chants-- for take it will long How
leader. hitting all-time their now is who @mets the of Wright David friend my to Congratulations
Obama. to fight the take and offense on stay must @MittRomney time. Crunch election. the until days 40
agree! I @baeck
you. Thank @LibertyU @BenHyrne
http://t.co/ttgMBDuI Watch @LisaLampanelli. featuring event @EricTrumpFDN his with @StJude for money raising job amazing an did .@EricTrump
you. Thank @RandySpangler
articlehttp://t.co/UpqHL2s0 Post Washington See business). only worry (don't Virginia Charlottesville in Estate Kluge the bought Just
honor. great history...my University's in best was speech stated Jr. Falwell Jerry
people! young ovations...great Standing history. school's in far by biggest was DJT by speech University Liberty
credibility. reporting...no Shameful speech. University Liberty about wrote inaccurately and knowingly Press Associated
Huffington. Arianna from is gas of leakage only Point...the Ferry re: wrong it gets post Huff
win! can't criticized--they soundly be will they do refs replacement the good how matter No
carrier. aircraft first their released just they Now Obama. under well very done has China
stage. world the on UN the at Obama by left vacuum the filling is China
http://t.co/ONgR13np him" elected who voters young on war "Obama's people: young all for column read Must
charity. for dollars of millions raised have We @ArchieMooreBye
you Thank @LibertyU @ForexBoxusd
http://t.co/1H1iaeCd @LibertyU @ForexBoxusd
@Newsmax_Media Moneynews via http://t.co/T0qG07JY Lunch'" Our 'Eating Is China Because Tougher Get Must US "Trump:
via@washingtonpost http://t.co/1H1iaeCd potential country's our &amp; election the of importance the about talking speech @LibertyU my of clip A
Aristotle -- achieve." to him for possible is it highest the is individual each for choice best the is what "For
luck! buy--good to time great league--a big up going be will prices Housing
Libya in killing others) (and Ambassador's our to reference in road" the in "bump a -- O Pres.
years? more Four http://t.co/cfM5RWYt Obama under 46% jumped has parents with living olds year 26 of number Change--the &amp; Hope
important. very was interview job--the great a did Piers .@Matt_Berry87
PR? great or of---fact think can I anything almost of press best the gets Aspirin
responsibility. take never can He years. two for control full had he since BS are agenda his stopping Republicans about complaints Obama's
http://t.co/xCnCD6RN '09. in said he what Not inside." the from Washington change "can't you that is failures his for excuse new Obama's
hard. work and do you what Love .@brandonhardest
guy. great a and mine of friend a was He died. has Williams Andy
turbines. wind ugly for subsidies massive paying by Scotland of destruction the subsidizing stop should taxpayers English
years. 4 another survive can't economy The term. Obama's during 60% over increased has Americans unemployed of number The
Forbes B.C. -- happiness." begets Unselfishness unhappiness. only begets ultimately "Selfishness
you... crosses who anyone with even get to sure be to is @LibertyU at stress to sure made I point ...One
great. folks good the treat around--but pushed be yourself let ...Never
http://t.co/UuoXEU8V Score Morning @politico @jameshohmann's in speech @LibertyU my about Read
golf...http://t.co/BE3Bf2pV in hole finishing toughest the considered is Miami in @Doral Monster Blue the at hole 18th The
Assembly... UN the for NYC in while fundraising &amp; @theviewtv on going be will Obama
media? the Where's enemy!) an (or ally an with meeting one not ...yet
work... at hard are Stars' 'All The @CelebApprentice. of season 13th record the shooting of week 4th our into ...well
Apprentice... the of season 13th the for Ave 5th on Museum Metropolitian the of front in shoot a Did
years. the over calls sports bad many seen I've everything. for blamed getting are refs replacement The
"skin." ugly very its particular in time long a in seen I've buildings looking worst the of one is 57 One
@Newsmax_Media Via http://t.co/s4XyK8HP Us'" at Laughing is World 'The Students: U Liberty to "Trump
http://t.co/iIblVQ0L ovations! standing love I yesterday. University Liberty from up showed people great of Thousands
http://t.co/7jwgCZsA press bias &amp; unemployment real tough get to has @MittRomney how discussing interview #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC My
again! Apprentice nominated have credibility-Should no have Emmys adults. young among record on telecast lowest &amp; down way is telecast Emmys
season! great a be will It spring. early or winter Late @designergirla
idea! bad a Not @designergirla
Kettering F. Charles -- fail." to impossible were it if as act and "Believe
fine! just be would you sure am I @DANCESWITHMETAL
Thanks! @OwenKelly
http://t.co/p1iTELDk created jobs net doubles than more stamps food to added individuals and disability to added Economy--workers Obama The
Rogers --Will there." sit just you if over run get you'll track right the on you're if "Even
failure. complete a is policy foreign Obama's visit. WH the before Obama on demands making already is Morsi Egypt of head Brotherhood Muslim
http://t.co/B2Dh5qt3 'noise' just as program nuclear Iranian the over warning @Israel's describe each Ahmadinejad and Obama Coincidence?
Obama. under 15% record a sunk have values Home
pressure. under delivers Florida--he proved--in has @MittRomney election. the on impact big a have to going are debates The
http://t.co/fmg7LokN surprise. great a with event amazing an be will It London. in Congress Achievers National the at place your Secure
http://t.co/qgn0G7vw poor is news economic recent that think Democrats of 15% denial--only in Living
spends. he dollar every on cents 40 borrow to has he that control of out so are deficits budget Scary--Obama's
crowd...http://t.co/H6Zd9twG great a Convocation @LibertyU spoke I Today
it. redistribute to again--not wealth creating us get to president for running am I @MittRomney: RT
value. in rise to continue should estate real and gold dollar the of value the destroying Bernanke and Obama With
clean. come to Obama for Time 9/11. since US the on attack worst the was consulate Libyan our on attack The
potential! great has country them--our beat can well--we that doing not are they cheating China's of all Despite
race. the of perception public influence to want They Democrats. oversampling are outlets news by released polls these All
over. times many have should it though won--even never Apprentice The nominations despite why that's politics all are Emmys The
lows. record at are ratings the wonder credibility--no no have Emmys The joke. total a is again Emmy an winning Race" "Amazing
show! worst absolute horrendous...the were Emmys The
not. he's points--and 12 by down be should Obama policy foreign horrendous and numbers economic bad the of all With
smart. and tough be must They commercials. television incredible do and wisely money its spend must Party Republican The
return? in applications &amp; records college his release Obama that demanding without returns tax his give @MittRomney did Why
fantastic were students the &amp; school job...great amazing an done have father his Jr.&amp; Falwell Jerry Chancellor University. Liberty left Just
week. this amazing be will Cup Ryder The
http://t.co/Rr9pBzid critics! many my of one to written letter A
http://t.co/2FKBFsxq woman amazing an from letter A
real. It's @jtatsuno
in! Tune AM. 7:30 at Monday @foxandfriends on be I'll
over--luck... control no have you factor one invariably is there deal business a evaluating in are you diligent how matter No
lucky. be to seem people same the interestingly ...but
you. – to passed get costs new these where Guess http://t.co/zhDLI5zH billions businesses cost will Obamacare from costs premium Rising
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E October. this Conference Achievers National the at how out Find too. should You do. I what love I fun have I
Americans. innocent killed operation His http://t.co/DJCaRGNx Furious and Fast for excuses make to continued Obama forum Univision the At
family. healthy and happy A @susanvhinds
http://t.co/iw7so3Y3 attack. consulate Benghazi the in failures security his on questions evade to continued Obama Watch--yesterday
agrees) (@IvankaTrump parents. both of best the got She woman. young amazing Clinton--an Chelsea like really I
Einstein --Albert existing." for reason own its has Curiosity questioning. stop to not is thing important "The
http://t.co/yae18sRP .@janinegibson
http://t.co/yae18sRP @sayhigreg
re-elected. is Obama that hoping is China http://t.co/VyM7u9dw China' contain to aimed 'not focus Asia US said just Sec. Def. Obama's
video. some on based not and operation Qaeda Al coordinated a was Libya in attack Embassy the that clear now is It
mood.) magnanimous a in I'm idea.( bad a Not @willsommer @Ileschinder
posted. you keep will we and Thanks @murekar
luck! good hear--and to Nice @JesseStroup
movie? the before excuse the was What http://t.co/ZmOrBZsC excuse an as movie that use will they attack militants Islamic time every Now
http://t.co/4dMRqAid http://t.co/czU4cRUC @murekar
magnificent. be will It renovation. Office Post Old #TRUMP the visiting D.C. Washington in was I Yesterday
mention nice the for Matt Thanks http://t.co/npeup5Du Card’” Trump ‘The Use to Time Is @townhallcom:“It @MattTowery by article Interesting
http://t.co/nfnnvKU5 apologize not should Mitt why explaining @piersmorgan with interview @CNN My
http://t.co/JuytnxDt Example" Jackie's and "@AnnDRomney @Newsmax_Media: Ruddy Chris by article Great
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E London. in Congress Achievers National the at shared be will success to secrets My up. give never successful be To
unemployment! real 21% record a is there while @Late_Show do and Z Jay with fundraise to yesterday time had Obama that great it Isn’t
mistake. Big hardest. the families income low hits This fuel. and food on inflation record cause will Obama for favor political a QE3
gifts. fragrance-great shirts nationwide.Ties brand selling Top @Macys? available exclusively collection fall #Trump new the seen you Have
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/rFzb4VqU President'" 'Unlucky is Obama "Trump:
http://t.co/9Iz82ygi Wrong" Nothing Said "Romney @Newsmax_Media: Via
fast. deficit our reduce and imports their of out hell the hard--tax down ...come
years... 3 for this saying been I've parts. auto &amp; cars of export the subsidizing unfairly been has China
value. property your destroy will It house). your near (or backyard your in turbine wind a build them let Don't
http://t.co/nxz1dYLb @CapehartJ by Eastwood" trumped have should video Donald's "The @washingtonpost: Via
http://t.co/eNgkidCD interview @gretawire My
OPEC. needs again--who rich be would country Our drill. us let would government our if barrel a $25 be would Oil
ago. years 5 about know didn't we that feet our under right resources energy tremendous have we shown has Technology
interesting! very be will debate--it real the for set is stage The
end. would gridlock terrible the maybe way That friends. of group small his than rather opponents &amp; Republicans with golf play should Obama
know!) you (as bankruptcy for filed never have Dopey--I @AFreespeechzone @danojano
in! Tune @bretmichaels @celebapprentice @angela_pink_fan
fantastic! be will It @RowRee
work. at hard already is cast 'All-Star' The week. 2nd the into now is 13 Season @CelebApprentice for Filming
dumb! China--very to oil the selling now is Canada and pipeline XL Keystone approving not by jobs 100k over killed Obama
News Fox PM 10 at tonight @gretawire on be I'll
http://t.co/lae0dJlK (cont) the in shot getting are they because soldiers Afghan with exercises joint more any have even can't soldiers Our
Egypt. for @MittRomney blaming are believe--they you Can
bankrupt. went never I know you as And failures. about lot a know don't I .@RICKYMONEY
land. our destroying are turbines Industrial .@lightjzup
comments. private Romney's with obsessed is but embassies for warnings security ignored Obama why into look won't press Liberal
spending. deficit in $6T and unemployment real 20% disaster. complete a is Obama that fact the change comments leaked Romney's of None
record? Obama's ignores everyone so manufacture to try media liberal the will non-stories more many How Tuesday. It's
Iran. and @Israel on comments @MittRomney's with agree Americans of majority The
record. Obama's onto Deflect apologizing. be not should He offense. on stay to needs @MittRomney election the until days 49 With
http://t.co/ogglpBfQ Convention Tampa the for filmed I video @RNC the of some played @todayshow @nbc morning This
http://t.co/jSHoeB2B apologize not should @MittRomney why &amp; video @RNC my discussing interview @todayshow @nbc My
http://t.co/09bvhYUR capability oil US &amp; East Middle comments leaked @MittRomney's QE3 discussing interview #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC My
job. terrific a done They've aptitude. and interest both had They @princeetornam
stock. laughing a are We http://t.co/kMstNUBH Marines more any send can't he Obama tells Sudan like country small a Now
happen. Didn't did. I say to love Enemies bankrupt. went never I @rdowns
http://t.co/SV6KAS1E failure avoid to how and success about talk to going I'm October this London in Congress Achievers National the At
out! sold students--all meeting to forward Looking speech. for AM 10 Monday University Liberty at be I'll
Lincoln Abraham Pres. -- have." you as enemies same the has who one is friend "A
#TimeToGetTough us. with same the try will they Soon http://t.co/KFAhowS7 leverage for economy Japan's attacking now is China
economy? the about today make Obama will excuses more many how Monday It's
campaigning? busy Too http://t.co/u78hfrJt before days 3 attacks the about intelligence receive did he it denying is Obama While
financing. &amp; prices good give will defaulted have that properties offload to want They bank. a from directly Buy market. buyer's a Still
quarterback. elite quarter--an 4th in comeback great a staged Manning Eli
@GOP &amp; @MittRomney for #TimeToGetTough is it election the until days 50 With
cameras. the for acting just they're Now deal. fair a them offered has Emanuel immediately.Rahm work to back go should Chicago in Teachers
independent. become to resources own our from drilling start must We California. in now $5/gallon Over Obama. under doubled have prices Gas
it! have don't just people Some mess. a into turns touches he Everything President. unlucky our is Obama
@thehill Via http://t.co/AVhNdaId election'" this win to going not they're tough get 'don't Republicans If "Trump:
http://t.co/KuTnUOqB President'" incompetent 'an is Obama tweets Trump "Donald @digitaljournal: Via
me. to listening finally He's us. of advantage taking is China that out figured finally Obama years for off ripped being After
blame. to herself nude--only the in sunbathing be shouldn't she great--but is Middleton Kate
rewarding. more far and work easier actually It's job. a get and out go again- it at is Street Wall Occupy
Cash money."--Johnny except world the in thing damn every about worry to having is "Success
office. in Obama with recover cannot economy The again. once up are claims jobless Weekly
@MittRomney. for vote should you why explain can I election. the in undecided are you hear @KimKardashian--I Hey
Comeback." the of Art "The read then circumstances tough through prevail to how know to want you If
unqualified. and Incompetent http://t.co/AQVEdKZn aid over handing keep to promises he Then ally. an not is Egypt says Obama First
it? write also she Did http://t.co/JMgUoRMF outlet propaganda Chinese from link tweeted Manager Campaign Deputy surprise--Obama's No
http://t.co/8mORe86h (cont) gains. market term short for numbers artificial Creates oblivion. into dollar the sink further to going is QE3
terrific. be Will underway. is Shooting spring. early the in likely most but yet date precise No season. 13th our is This @Shawn_Maynard
Jody--Agreed. @Steelchecker
price. the paid have workers American &amp; cheating China's on down crack to refused has Obama Barack years 4 nearly For @MittRomney: RT
fast. it need They ammunition? live have Egypt in embassies the guarding are who marines our let Obama doesn't Why
Obama. for shill complete a is He reality. to connections all lost completely has amazing--@hardball_chris It's
words. nice your appreciate I Scott. Thanks @ScottSaia23
right. you're think I Josh--Thanks @Josh_Beaupre
necessary. that's Sometimes @USAToday @MaryEnglish67
http://t.co/EpJlkDqY (cont) on #10 for night last Mays Willie tied Jeter Derek Captain @Yankees injury ankle an with Amazing--playing
http://t.co/Z5HjJFqj 'Incompetent'" Obama Barack Calls Trump "Donald @starpulse: Via
http://t.co/z4uCefaP election 2012 the and picks stock my market housing the QE3 discussing interview @CNBCClosingBell My
me? paying guys these aren't Why Lyrics." Trump - Jeezy --"Young song Trump a doing rapper another no Oh
Agreed. be. could That @usatoday @HeinzPak
scram. they'd wish I Frankly correct. 100% you're Sam @BuckingSlams
failing. is paper wonder No this with do to something had must've Neuharth Al Lightweight terrible. is logo redesign--the @USAToday's hate I
Trump." "Donald song his on hits million 67 over received has Miller Mac singer unknown previously the that heard just I WOW!
Friedman Milton -- program." government temporary a as permanent so is "Nothing
http://t.co/LT1Mz411 Reagan on Carter's to identical is @MittRomney of criticism video--Obama's see Must
ties &amp; shirts best And http://t.co/8YMD9fQH @Macy's at available Exclusively 'Success.' cologne #TRUMP new on feedback great getting keep I
work! Nice http://t.co/1DK4yTDS row a in year fourth a for $1T topped has deficit federal The @DNC. the and Obama to Congratulations
years? more Four http://t.co/3jzUjcnW income family household median in drop 8% an and poverty high America--record Obama's to Welcome
blame. deserves power in radicals these put who Obama issue. embassy the on offense on stay to continue should .@MittRomney
http://t.co/yOw3U3ja @RasmussenPoll latest the in lead the retaken has @MittRomney gone. is bounce convention Obama's
@MittRomney? against released be will reports press bias more many how Thursday It's
Egypt? in Brotherhood Muslim the to aid foreign in have don't we dollars of billions giving still we are Why
it! to forward look I body. student setting record a to University Liberty at A.M.) (10 24 September Monday speaking be will I
@MittRomney. criticize is do can they all and nothing does Obama while radicals by savaged are embassies Our pathetic. is media The
embassies. our attack to 9/11 picked Egypt and Libya in friends good Obama's that coincidence a What
enemies?! needs who Libya and Egypt like allies With
9/11? of anniversary the on embassies our at security increased been have there Shouldn't
Mubarak. out pushed he until be to used They ally. an longer no is Egypt that @NBC told Obama
updates. future for lookout the on be to sure Be started. has @CelebApprentice of season 13th record the of Filming
http://t.co/f7esUdSz Fake" a is Certificate Birth Obama Science: "Israeli article: See America! Up Wake
won't. He month. this later visit WH Brotherhood's Muslim the cancel would he smart was Obama If
http://t.co/kID8iQe7 (cont) tougher get Must pandering. Stop happen. this let cannot He defensive. the on put being is campaign Romney’s
food. of price the on inflation more even expect continue to corn of prices high the With
had. ever have we President worst disaster--the total and complete a is policy foreign Obama's
trouble. in is Obama--Israel going Great enemy. our now is Egypt and overboard Mubarak ally our threw We
President. incompetent an and weakness American about all is This
President. this under robbed and around pushed getting are We provocative. is firm standing not and towing cow Weakness
Lombardi Vince -- dictionary." the in is work before comes success place only "The
2013. in meltdown economic an for watch re-elected is Obama If GDP. $15T our than bigger now is debt national $16T Our
Obama=Carter. President. failed another under stormed were embassies our when time a remember can I - vu Deja
Beijing? in speaks Obama if Imagine 9.11. on embassy our stormed Brotherhood Muslim The out. worked really Speech Cairo Obama's guess I
@netanyahu @IsraeliPM -- @Israel." to line red a put to right moral the have don't Iran to line red draw to refuse who "Those
Russians? the honor to mean they Did http://t.co/Q6BpWj0I vets to tribute in ships Russian displayed @DNC surprise. No
policy. foreign especially but topics many on history in President worst the as down go will Obama
http://t.co/NNyJdQGy (cont) diplomatic our on attacks condemn to not was response first Administration's Obama the that disgraceful "It's
@netanyahu? for time have doesn't but http://t.co/WKhZV1Op House White the in Morsi Pres. Brotherhood Muslim the host can Obama So
off. us ripping always are They gas. of price the raise to embassies our on attacks yesterday's use will OPEC
Islamists? by stormed be will embassies our of more many how Wednesday It's
oil. their Demand Ambassador. dead a besides Libya in fighting for get we did What
power. in were Gaddafi and Mubarak when attacked being embassies our remember don't I were they as bad As
http://t.co/HVtjKSNN (cont) airspace Iraqi using is Iran us. against riot they now and Egypt back didn't up--we blowing is East Middle The
job. the doing of capable not is He knowledge. or experience the had Never policy. foreign at disaster a is Obama
safe. very is Ambassador Chinese the notice China--I to oil its selling is Libya
right. was I again Once news. bad were Libya in for fought we people the said always I
http://t.co/TzsrGrEm (cont) Afghanistan--all Iraq Egypt Libya disaster. a is policy foreign His doing. he's what know doesn't Obama
http://t.co/Jxi3LNb5 (cont) the take &amp; Libya into Go Libya. by attacked been have We soil. our on attack an is Embassy our on attack An
joke. a is policy foreign Obama's Americans. other and Ambassador our kill they and Libya free to fight We
after. day The election? the wins he if vacation on go next Obama will When
military. our for fuel easiest &amp; best the need We waste. Complete 'green.' going on dollars precious wasting Pentagon the is Why
time. next them with be won't Party Tea the election this blow they if that realizes @GOP the hope I
Tzu Sun -- warfare." prolonged from benefitting nation a of instance no is "There
@limbaugh -- party." Republican the of end the is it wins Obama "If
base. fan loyal very and big our to thanks week this season 13th record our filming started has @CelebApprentice Amazing.
http://t.co/IhiIaKPa briefings intel his of 50% over skipped has Obama dime our on campaigning and fundraising Priorities--while
http://t.co/sPBPxwYY islands uninhabited 3 of purchase its over Japan harassing now are They pariah. international an is China
them? about 'foreign' something there Is applications? college his release Obama won't Why
there. of out get to Time Obama. under come all have Afghanistan in killed women &amp; men brave our of 70% &amp; wounded troops US of 84%
media? the Where's administration? his from leaks security national into investigation' 'independent Obama's to happened Whatever
school. without children leave to Inexcusable union. their &amp; teachers the on squarely falls strike teachers' Chicago the of onus The
trigger. the pulling SEAL Navy a was sight last Laden's Bin that fact the in joy take all can we remembrance of day solemn this On
@thehill via http://t.co/AVhNdaId election'" this win to going not they're tough get 'don't Republicans If "Trump:
http://t.co/LYLLbPVh 2012 @ strike teachers' Chicago the discussing Grasso Dick &amp; Langone Ken with interview #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/K239fAg4 show @CNN his of anniversary 25th the hosting while @kingsthings with coverage and attack 9/11 the Discussing
http://t.co/HAQJOEZN Towers WTC and attack the discussing Zero Ground by down 9/11 on TV German with did I interview impromptu An
ago. years 11 fell who FDNY and NYPD and Americans fellow our honor and remember we Today
stampshttp://t.co/OD3nBmsK food on people new 173K over &amp; jobs new 96K Overall "progress." report job August's called Obama
Patton S. George goals."--General high for reach you as you against people of tug the overcome to need "You
he? is Who http://t.co/ywQEJZok background? religious his about stories inconsistent told repeatedly Obama Barack has Why
good. as half month a have could he wishes Obama Now http://t.co/OMBeIR4x reports job monthly 300K Bush's mock to used Obama Barack
Eastwood people"--Clint American the on perpetrated ever hoax greatest the is Obama "President
http://t.co/FufZD79U (cont) ball. the dropped Republicans the because face" your "in He's certificate. birth his for old yr 7 a asked Obama
http://t.co/xWXnwfM7 Peterson- Drew and #DNC the Eastwood Clint about speak I #trumpvlog today's In
Churchill Winston -- life." your in sometime something for up stood you've means That Good. enemies? have "You
in! Tune AM. 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
advantage. my to downturn the used I But boom. estate real artificial decade's last of out staying was made ever I moves best the of One
class. middle the for Terrible http://t.co/OqAgfiQ7 4.8% fallen has income family median presidency @BarackObama's During
gut! your with go seasonHence 13th record the filming start we week Next @ApprenticeNBC. doing against me advised strongly people of lot A
11.2% be would number unemployment the then office entered he when had he participation labor same the use to had @BarackObama If
Disaster. http://t.co/NY3DQGrT is: really 'recovery' @BarackObama's terrible how shows @JimPethokoukis AEI's from chart This
numbers phony recovery real a work.Not for looking stopped have &amp; force labor of out are people more because dropped only rate Unemployment
terrible. still is economy The July. in were there than employed Americans fewer 119000 now are There
force. work the in longer no are Americans 88921000 record a Now dismal. is report job Today's
penalty. death gets he so law the Change wife. killing of convicted just sleaze real a Peterson Drew
fast! tough--and and smart be must Republicans The convention. professional and good very a had Dems
@MittRomney. from away votes take will He Virginia. in race the of out Goode Virgil get must Republicans The
views. 2M over has http://t.co/5HzwnSvM Maybe" Me "Call singing me and @GiulianaRancic contestants USA Miss 2012 the of YouTube The
stamps. food on is Americans 7 every of out 1 @BarackObama Under
debt. total the of 33.3% amassed has he history America's of 1.6% for POTUS been has @BarackObama Scary--while
@MittRomney -- trillion" $16 to presidents prior all from inherited president the that trillion $10 from gone "We've
--@MittRomney people." million 15 added He's million. 32 were there office to came he When stamps. food on now million "Forty-seven
Outrageous! us. for respect zero have They http://t.co/T5xzkNuL trip her on Clinton Hillary mistreating are Chinese The
Afghanistan. in fighting soldiers brave our have we compliments self-indulgent with tonight himself lauding is @BarackObama while Remember
released. is report jobs new the when morning Friday hit will delivered--reality well be should tonight--which speech @BarackObama's After
debt? in $6T another and unemployment real 18% of years more Four Years." More "Four shouting keep convention @DNC the at delegates The
convenient. Pretty Stadium. America of Bank fill to able been have would @BarackObama if know never will we Now
http://t.co/2F5BtROF convention the to prior it reviewed he but language platform party changing for credit taking now is .@BarackObama
http://t.co/SROnhIhF Campaign" Mitt's to Checks Cutting Is Family Whole His and SuperPACs Pro-Romney To Millions Given Has Trump "Donald
possible! this making for States United you Thank airspace. Iraqi through Syria to planes supply flying is Iran
@BarackObama? likes he believe really you Do him. have to lucky are Democrats night--the last job great a did Clinton Bill
better. do must We http://t.co/v7jzCXej competitiveness global of ranks the down fallen has US the under@BarackObama again Once
Apprentice! the doing I'm because can't show--I a do to me begging are networks Other
Welch --Jack to." have you before "Change
him? with phone his bring he Did Charlotte? in now Weiner Anthony pervert sexual the thought--is Scary
good! Not platform. their from God to references all dropped Democrats The
etc. gifts Christmas for Great hotcakes. like Selling @Macy's? fragrances and apparel clothing of line #TRUMP new the seen you Have
office. took @BarackObama since increase 50% a household per $136260 to out works debt US $16T The off? Better
Charlotte. National Trump visit I when there time my enjoy I people. wonderful with state fantastic a is Carolina North
now. right Charlotte in Democrats the like celebrate to able were unemployed are who million 23 the wish I
ratings! the get simple--I It's @Late_Show. the on--especially go to me asking is show T.V. every Almost
http://t.co/913rKvQ9 (cont) will she like looks it Olympics the in US the for Gold the winning After player. special a is .@serenawilliams
$16T. passed debt the that ironic was it yesterday convention @DNC the at responsibility fiscal of talk the all With
fight. and back quit--go to decision your revise .@lancearmstrong
France? in ago years place took that events for @lancearmstrong icon American an destroy agency doping US does Why
Lance. no is jealous--he and angry is teammate .@lancearmstrong
proud! be should pressure--Dems great under @MichelleObama--and by speech good Very
mistake! Big http://t.co/tJPJqsBV loans US their on default Egypt in Brotherhood Muslim the letting is @BarackObama surprise. No
year. the of rest for numbers economic on indicator Bad 12months. in drop biggest had construction U.S. July
ago? years 4 was it than off better is America whether spin to has campaign @BarackObama's when send it does message What
Outrageous! term. @BarackObama's during doubled than more has Gas ago. years 4 were they than off better is OPEC
term. @BarackObama's during trade &amp; jobs in us from more even stolen have They ago. years 4 were they than off better are Chinese The
racism? that Is numbers. old Hillary's than worse @MittRomney.Even 0% @BarackObama 94% voters: American African of Poll Journal St Wall NBC
Scary. presidents. 42 first the than debt more amassed has @BarackObama convention @DNC the during $16T passing debt national our With
us. on made being $'s of Lots dumb. looking really we're -- U.S. the in prices gas setting Record
info. other or applications college @BarackObama's find can't but time marathon and girlfriend old @PaulRyan's down track can media The
keynote. convention @DNC the deliver Clinton Bill Pres. having @BarackObama by move Smart
better. do must We June. past this stamps food on were Americans 46.7M record A Change? &amp; Hope this Is
ride. a for come to welcomed than more is He plane? my with fascination a such have @BarackObama does Why
report. sided one the commissioned deal--and ridiculous that made that @PennState idiots the sue should family Paterno's Joe
Jobs Steve -- expected." is excellence where environment an to used aren't people Some quality. of yardstick "Be
expense. our at ball a having is today...OPEC high record a hit prices gasoline ago year 1 predicted I As
luck. good is Decker Brooklyn player. fabulous a for victory Another Roddick! Andy going Great
alone! Clint bad...leave only say will or comment won't either enemies the speaking-but for awards win I
terrible! sound it make to way a find would liberals shame to Churchill Winston put would that speech-one a have you If
EST! 1AM at in Tune Jewelry. &amp; Timepieces Melania fabulous her with tonight @QVC on @MELANIATRUMP
not? is he that learn they will When guy. nice a such is Obama saying always are Republicans
wife. wonderful a with guy fantastic a is player tennis great Roddick...a Andy
DNC! the at Romney to does Obama what see you until wait Just Obama. on tougher much been have should Republicans
us. from technology the stole They http://t.co/IBtQRcic trade for used routes ocean across drones deploying now is China
--@MittRomney China." to jobs manufacturing and energy send will oil and gas and coal on assault .@BarackObama's
anymore. us cheat them let won't @MittRomney polls. the watch They anxious. getting are Chinese the sure am I
Iran. with deal great a make to time the is Now cards. the all have We
him. love People night. other the great was .@GovMikeHuckabee
--@marcorubio from." away get to America to come people ideas are These 'Backwards.' us take they 'Forward' us move don't ideas "Obama's
growth. and prosperity built have career and life entire .@MittRomney's
terrific! was night--he last Eastwood Clint watching loved I
Jordan Michael -- outcome." the change never will you then ones negative especially others of expectations the accept you "If
this. stopped have could @BarackObama weekend. Day Labor the during high record a hit to about are prices Gas
today? @HuffPost dropped advertisers many how Friday It's
remedial. amazingly is It golf. don't who others like pains &amp; aches get don't fact--golfers A
it. lost completely has Chris speech. @CondoleezzaRice's praising in 'birthers' attacked @hardball_chris course Of
comment. racist for apologize lots--must show--calls rated low his on back go to me begging @Late_Show Letterman
http://t.co/ELKcqTyr SEALs fallen of parents the to signature electronic an with letters form sends @BarackObama golf? playing busy Too
President. as bring will @MittRomney solutions the and face we challenges the explains @PaulRyanVP clearly how with impressed am I
lie. big a story @BarackObama's code--makes of violation terrible a is Laden Bin on Book
debate. VP the for sick in call should Joe speech. knockout that delivered @PaulRyanVP as night last thinking was @JoeBiden what wonder I
@PaulRyanVP Romney." Mitt Governor is job the for man the and turnaround a needs America run-around the getting of years four "After
oil! the without Libya) (and Iraq left dummies The
Huckabee @GovMike -- me." on attack an is sisters and brothers Catholic my on attack the that possible as clearly as it say me "Let
better. do can we that explained and faithful party the united Mike speech. tremendous night's last on @GovMikeHuckabee to Congratulations
year. this fans the for amazing something have really We @CelebApprentice. shooting start we until weeks two Only
this?! with away get speculators the &amp; OPEC do how demand lower and contracting economy an With high. too way are prices Gas
http://t.co/UkCnZrrJ @JoeBiden like don't Laden Bin killed who SEALS the Even
us? from stealing China is money much ask--how I again and Thursday It's
anything. do can you &amp; yourself in Believe young. too was I that many by advised was I &amp; York New in deals early my together putting was I
Tough. Get To Time it's knows Mitt course. Of http://t.co/mV75eJFy @BarackObama endorsing while @MittRomney attacking is media China's
fact! a is It reform. welfare gutted @BarackObama lie. to continues media the that astonished am I
@GovChristie -- now." right them need we and @PaulRyanVP and @MittRomney needs "America
@AnnDRomney -- live!" to place better a country this make to Romney Mitt like earth and heaven move will one No harder. work will one "No
@bobmcdonnell -- Agency." Prevention Employment the now is EPA the and years 30 in level lowest the at start-ups business "New
today? us from stealing China is money much how Wednesday It's
truth. the convention---tell @BarackObama's at hear won't you something did He @GovChristie. friend good my by speech Great
http://t.co/E42phpQq policy job @MittRomney's &amp; off us ripping OPEC election 2012 the discussing interview #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC My
Lady. First our her call to wait can't America night. last speech out knock a delivering on @AnnDRomney to Congratulations
http://t.co/siTTYVPX Party Tea the discussing dinner Year' the of 'Statesman Sarasota the at interview @TheBrodyFile my of excerpt An
@BarackObama. like pushover a such had never have They November. this win will @MittRomney that worried be must China
http://t.co/lQKQ2C7n 2008 in "homeland" @BarackObama's Kenya called Obama coincidence--Michelle a What
November. this defeated be must he that alone reason is record job dismal .@BarackObama's
seniors. our of care take must We destroyed. be will Medicare then re-elected is @BarackObama if that worried very am I
http://t.co/wDNpUqfz Furious Obama Explodes Book SEAL @Newsmax_Media: this...RT read to wait can't I
Medicare. destroying is Obama since Ironic http://t.co/5gOxonMZ "murderer" a @MittRomney called continually has PAC Super .@BarackObama's
@MittRomney -- success." of resentment a by not succeed to desire our by up lifted are we where path new a down us lead to ready stand "I
gas? and food of price the on today caused spending @BarackObama's has inflation much Tuesday--how It's
go. to has @BarackObama and elected be should @MittRomney why explaining tonight job fantastic a do to going is .@GovChristie
Lady! First great a be will who woman amazing an is She tonight. speech @AnnDRomney's watching to forward looking are I and .@MELANIATRUMP
win! to united be must We @MittRomney. supporting convention @RNC the at are chapters Freedom and Faith @ralphreed's that hear to Happy
votes. 3 got She California. of Governor for ran @ariannahuff when Remember
@CNNPolitics Via http://t.co/dh5ibmgS hell'" as 'mean be to GOP urges "Trump
face! your in laugh would They -- "green" going are Forces Armed or Navy money) our (with expanding rapidly their if China Ask
fast! well get me- including you- adores everyone .@RobinRoberts
http://t.co/JhuoyBU8 unemployment and China in products making businesses Convention @RNC the discussing interview @TeamCavuto @FoxNews My
etc bridges own our build should We mess. total A overruns. cost Chinese--tremendous the by built being is Francisco San in Bridge Bay The
follow. to more understand--- would you Post Huffington phony the and her knew you if harsh was @ariannahuff on statement my think Don't
decision. good a made he man- a for her left husband former her why understand fully I out. and inside both unattractive is .@ariannahuff
happen. it making is he worry Don't http://t.co/kAeMtnLg US" overtakes China that pray should "@BarackObama that writes .@FinancialTimes
break! a me Give games. play not &amp; fuel powerful most &amp; best the use should Navy Our "green." go to wants Navy US The
ratings! &amp; headlines for look just They Tampa. in wrong it got people weather the usual As
standard! Double nuts. go they and certificate' 'birth mentions Mitt felon. &amp; murderer a @MittRomney called @BarackObama when silent Media
http://t.co/sL82thBo term his during 5% over fallen have incomes annual U.S. people. American the failed completely has .@BarackObama
Virgil -- can." they think they because succeed "They
children-http://t.co/lpq2SveJ to given were shots massive one-time since 1983-2008 from rate autism the to happened what Look
Russians. the on dependent us made and program the gutted has He NASA. with done has @BarackObama what see to sad very is It
hero. American an was He weekend. the over Armstrong Neil of passing the of hear to Sorry
fire. with fire fight must We correct. pollitically be can't @GOP the that is push to continue will and night last made I point One
@hardball_chris surrogate. Obama an as end deep the off gone he's Now wonderful. honestly quite and sane was he when Matthews Chris knew I
offensive! the apologies--take more No issue? "birther" called so the on apologizing keep Republicans the do Why
Berlin --Irving success." a being on keep to got you've that is success about thing toughest "The
re-election. his around revolves world the thinks He 11.6.12. after until in Greece keep to Eurozone the begging is .@BarackObama
XL. Keystone approve not would he because all China to oil Canadian and jobs 100000 over sent .@BarackObama
organization. statewide tremendous a are They convention. @DNC the bracketing job great a do will @NCGOP the sure am I
disaster. aesthetic &amp; environmental an are They today? kill turbines wind did eagles bald many How Friday. It's
!! 2012. in documentary grossing highest be Will weekend. this theaters 1000 over to expanding is America' Obama's '2016: .@DineshDSouza's
fun! be Will convention. @RNC and event GOP Sarasota the at back give to esxcited really am I me. to good very been has Florida
http://t.co/jilJv0DF it. own I Now Miami. in Doral the at family my with vacation to used I child a As surprises. many you brings Life
http://t.co/s2jhbivz situation. care health our with experience personal had has who someone from yesterday received I letter a is Here
years. short 3 only in country our strengthening in much so accomplished have patriots great These Party. Tea the of proud am I
surprise. no but Shameful http://t.co/iOAu0nC0 campaign whisper anti-Mormon an launching are supporters Disgusting--@BarackObama's
2016. by debt total in $20T over us putting debt the to $4.4T another adds budget His country. this bankrupting is .@BarackObama
animals. the for penalty death and trials fast have Must today. Building State Empire the at tragedy Terrible
http://t.co/fdf0CeK7 'privately'" said conservatives what publicly' say to willing 'was He Trump: on "Falwell @theblaze: Via
birthplacehttp://t.co/M9YVlUGA @BarackObama's Questions SEAL Navy Former
http://t.co/L4N6tBc0 (cont) fully believe I vaccinated.” get not should “children said I that lies write knowingly reporters Dishonest
ruined. is legacy his or reconsider immediately should .@lancearmstrong
quitter... a was he thought never I up. gave @lancearmstrong that surprised very am I
excited. so is @BarackObama month. next us visiting is President Brotherhood Muslim Egypt's
accord. David Camp violate doesn't it saying &amp; Sinai the into tanks sending is brotherhood Muslim The
--Anonymous watch." to plenty got you've sure make eyes your before flashes life your "When
night! Monday hits surprise convention @RNC My Tampa. to coming be will hurricane A
campaign. Obama's to $52500 donated just loans energy green failed the for @BarackObama exonerated who watchdog independent The
http://t.co/6S6a8kZ7 video- the watch course golf best world's the perhaps on day exciting an #TrumpScotland- of opening The
projects. Solyndra on money wasting keep will @BarackObama http://t.co/GNYBboEP 2020 by independent energy us make will .@MittRomney
soon! you see joking) cut(just 50/50 a about How me. of because plenty made already have You @ArsenioOFFICIAL
result. positive watch and period long over out shots ...Spread
autism.... in increase big for cause the is children small to inoculations combined Massive
ticking... is clock The folding. without day more one survived Amazing--@VanityFair
yours. of brand that for hard Fight enterprise. your of aspects crucial most the of one is branding that remember venture business any In
sellout. total terrific--a be night--will Sunday on FL Sarasota in Year" the of "Statesman
disasters. environmental are They wildlife. and communities to scourge a are turbines Wind
convention. @RNC the at benediction the delivering be will @CardinalDolan York New of Archbishop Eminence His that honor an truly is It
ObamaCare. finance to today Medicare from drained @BarackObama money much how wonder I Thursday. It's
ObamaCare. of taxes and costs high the both detailing http://t.co/FliU8TJb Free" "Nothing's titled @MittRomney from ad new Great
http://t.co/D2KyOMsQ @LibertyU" at speak to "@realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer: Via
followers.. twitter million 1.4 passed just we Today
saved. be can they if know don't just I badly. so failing @USAToday like newspapers decent once see to sad It's
Avenue. Fifth over gleams Tower Trump flagship. Tiffany's from rights air the buying was career my in early made I moves best the of One
Giuliani Rudy -- strategy." a not is hope as just destination a not is "Change
it." built government and Oh Bush. Blame fault. our not "It's theme: convention @DNC the at peek sneak a Here's
today? China from borrowed @BarackObama money much how wonder I Wednesday. It's
seriously." "too him against campaigning Seals Navy the take doesn't he said .@BarackObama
It! Build Did We @BarackObama Hey Tampa! and Sarasota in week next owners business small patriotic meet to wait Can't
it! get Go 10. page read--especially excellent an is Wusses" of Nation "A book .@EdRendell's
leader. hit @MLB all-time 11th the become to night last Murray Eddie passing on Jeter Derek @Yankees to Congratulations
America. in jobs financing here back be should money That year. this Chinese the with deficit trade $500B record a have to about are We
taxes. @MittRomney's with concerned too is he bothered be can't @BarackObama Mexico. of Gulf the to sub nuclear Russian a sent just Putin
are. we stupid how at laughing is OPEC CA. in $4.12 soaring. are prices Gas
weak. he's thinks Russia term. second his in 'flexible' more be can he that @MedvedevRussiaE PM Russian telling caught was .@BarackObama
gifts. fantastic Make them! @Macys--try at "great" doing are fragrance and ties shirts My
amazing. she's is Truth http://t.co/EB8o1Rvs Needs" Scene Social Washington's "What is @IvankaTrump thinks .@washingtonpost
Ford --Henry prosperous." be to people other helps who person a is idealist "An
be. won't one for I background. @BarackObama's concerning released be to about is what at surprised be will people Many
lives. of lot a changed has book The Deal.' The of Art 'The for me thank to me to up come still people many how amazing It's
Sr.! Obama Barack discuss we don't Why father. @MittRomney's about talking @BarackObama of tired am I
cast. all-star filming--great begins @CelebApprentice of season new the until weeks three Only
Charlotte! in National Trump for time ad Free Carolina. North in playing is plane my featuring ad attack @BarackObama's hear to Glad
potential. true property's the know to instincts and foresight the need You investments. great make can opportunities estate real Distressed
challenges. and opportunities new presents downturn or uptick an whether climate economic Every
coincidence. Just $1B. over grossed each and properties Trump featured Rises Knight Dark &amp; Transformers Amazing--both
friends! good are Larry and Roger night. last @TheKudlowReport on great was .@RogerJStoneJr
AOL purchase today--great lost @HuffPost money much how wonder I Tuesday. It's
platform. convention @GOP the in referendums anti-China strong some put has @JimTalent that hear to Glad
us. destroy they before China with tough get to have We
fun! be Will convention. @RNC to surprise big my give then &amp; Year the of Statesman as GOP Sarasota by honored be I'll week a than less In
film! Amazing America.' Obama's '2016: @DineshDSouza's see defeated be must @BarackObama that doubt any have you If
http://t.co/63kokpBK countries other with negotiating killed gets US the how discussing interview @SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY my of More
http://t.co/EERRAehO policies @MittRomney's &amp; statement @ToddAkin's ratings high #TRUMPTUESDAYS discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/t4cc60P5 'Surprise' convention @RNC the &amp; campaign hateful a running is @BarackObama how discussing interview @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/t48NSUWX this. of part a be to Proud athletes. Amazing today. campaign celebrity #StrongisBeautiful new a released @WTA The
thing. right the doing on @AugustaNational and Payne Billy to Congratulations
you! miss to starting I'm fast. better get .@Rosie
Spielberg --Steven living." a for dream "I
home! come to Time waste. complete a is Afghanistan back? the in soldiers our shoot then who Afghanis these train to continuing we are Why
killer. job a is @BarackObama http://t.co/mgeJGq2e based broad be to numbers unemployment July's showing states 44 in up is Unemployment
Presidency. the from away heartbeat a is thought--@JoeBiden Scary
surprise. No http://t.co/Ankpt5Uj @JoeBiden over President as serve to qualified better is @PaulRyanVP that believe already Americans
it. with away get always they--they shouldn't Why off. us rip to loves OPEC barrel. $100 over back rising is Oil
strong! going Still opening. office box #1 2' 'Expendables on @Schwarzenegger Arnold and @TheSlyStallone to Congratulations
Sassoon --Vidal dictionary." the in is work before comes success where place only "The
in! AM--tune 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
governor. fantastic a is He year. straight 3rd a for black the in be to Virginia leading on @bobmcdonnell to Congratulations
ObamaCare. with jobs killed and credit our ruined has He it. destroying be wouldn't he country this loved really @BarackObama If
China. to dry us bleeding is He @BarackObama. under 72% over grown has indebtedness foreign government's US
bank. the to way the all laughing is China http://t.co/URVNZ1Kj $5.29T record a at is debt foreign government's US The
Chinese. the by around kicked gets @BarackObama China. in reign to done be to needs what get @PaulRyanVP &amp; .@MittRomney
http://t.co/rAkOAwVp "Doormat" a like @BarackObama treating is China why explains he where yesterday @PaulRyanVP by China on speech Great
him with down party own his dragging is He http://t.co/SmKsHwIL convention @BarackObama's avoiding are Democrats NY Even
America! across now heard Commonly http://t.co/qeN3dOvF a--!" our kiss can Obama help. government without business this built sign:"We Great
disgraceful? that Isn't http://t.co/IqYuz9zS bill hospital child's his for brother @BarackObama's to $1000 give to had .@DineshDSouza
http://t.co/ZJ3kVQXG interest" international sparks course "Trump @EllonTimesKenny: Via
http://t.co/5uxH5UbZ election 2012 the win will who and guy nice a not is @BarackObama why discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/4BAyxEx5 convention @RNC &amp; debates in discussed be should commission debt why discussing @TeamCavuto on interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/lQKvIzzV must-read. summer your It's beautiful. and powerful rich ultra The all. it has #TrumpTower Robinson's Jeffrey
ally. American great A @SaakashviliM. of leadership the under economically well Performing wonder. small a is Georgia of country The
things. bad of plenty hiding is ...@BarackObama
applications... &amp; records college records passport his gives @BarackObama until returns tax additional give shouldn't .@MittRomney
Goldwyn Samuel -- get." I luckier the work I harder "The
people! nice like look hunters make They birds. of thousands many killing are farms Wind
sad! very Very 10. Interstate on Gateway the at farm wind ugliest world's the destroyed--by destroyed--absolutely been has CA Springs Palm
play. in is Wisconsin ticket the on @PaulRyanVP WIth http://t.co/CrJ8tEr7 Wisconsin in ahead pulled has @MittRomney - news Good
election. the to prior form some in Iran attack will @BarackObama said always I
surprise... October big election's this be Could Iran. attacking to close be well very could .@Israel
well. her wish I and person great a engaged--she's is Aniston Jennifer
it. considering strongly is he think I guy. loyal a not is Obama @JoeBiden. drop to @BarackObama for days 22 only are There
@WWE. at record view per pay and attendance all-time the hold still I
great! is years--@VinceMcMahon these all after strong going still is @WWE episodes. 1000 passing on @WWERaw to Congratulations
@BarackObama. is name His Medicare. defunded has who person one only only There's
terrific are away---others go won't that epidemic bad a like are sites Internet Certain
http://t.co/4hJ5HGLc me and @MittRomney of photo great A
institution. dying a at working hard be must It @VanityFair. like is atmosphere work the what wonder I
President? as @BarackObama or threat nuclear Iranian country--the the for dangerous more What's
http://t.co/kWK49NuX policy China @MittRomney's &amp; surprise convention @RNC my discussing @77WABCradio on Imus Don with interview My
it! buy to made AOL deal stupid a What dying is AOL as just die will loser--it a such is Post Huffington The
surprise... big a Not benefit. his for this using just he's believe leaks--they Laden Bin over @BarackObama attacked have reps Military
spokespeople. his for sorry feel I gaffes. @JoeBiden after up cleaning be must politics in jobs hardest the of One
watch. to fun be Will Howard. and Nash Kobe with year next team amazing an have should @Lakers The
@MittRomney -- Chicago." to back hate and anger and division of campaign your take President "Mr.
Welch Jack -- compete." don't advantage competitive a have don't you "If
http://t.co/8t01tOfl (cont) winner. person--a great a been always She's politics. of world the in successful very be will Clinton Chelsea
moron. a is @GeorgeFWill lose. will @MittRomney and away going is football suggesting is @GeorgeFWill
end? it will When @BarackObama. by Medicare from Billion $716
@Linda_McMahon get! you as woman--smart amazing an is She primary. Senate Connecticut the in victory her on McMahon Linda to Congratulations
it. with stay works something If rivers. and lakes oceans on fronting properties with well done always have I
schedule. on is re-building The Organization. Trump the for success major a be will Maimi in Doral the of acquisition My
http://t.co/NZuyiZkl (cont) 2016 the designed He Doral. at Monster Blue The rebuild to Hanse Gil architect course golf renowned hired have I
unemployment? collect he Does has. he time free the all with doing Weiner Anthony pervert the is thought--what Scary
http://t.co/so3JveGZ today- visited .@MissTeenUSA
@richardmourdock win! will he Hopefully Indiana. in Senate the for running man good very Mourdock--a Richard
is. @BarackObama guy nice a what says longer no @MittRomney that glad really I'm
@Salon Salon. Loser for writes he Hence circles. political in joke total a as known is @pareene Pareene Alex reporter Lightweight
primary! night's last winning on @AllenWest to Congratulations
proper. all at not was chains" in back y'all "put will @MittRomney that comments yesterday's machine gaffe a is @JoeBIden While
http://t.co/TeWHwTTP Medicare'" damaging is Obama President that irrefutable' "'It's how explain @PaulRyanVP Watch
taxpayers. for disaster subsidy--a massive need and world the over all failing are they turbines wind wants Nobody
mistake. Big turbines. wind neighborhood-destroying noisy bird-killing unreliable inefficient ugly promoting is .@BarackObama
investments. Euro their stopping are banks and down already is lending border Cross soon. collapse to going is Euro The
-@MittRomney ago." years 43 there put was that flag our at look a take and stop they hope Moon...I the to going on planning are Chinese "The
#TimeToGetTough http://t.co/yry3tiWE market stock US the leaving are accounting and prices fixing were who companies news--Chinese Great
treat! bigger much a getting be will @CelebApprentice of base fan growing and loyal The game. Star All an to treated is fan sports Every
USA! population. 1.4B a than greater is talent &amp; spirit American the both that proved we count medal Olympic the winning US the By
message. strong a deliver will He convention. @RNC the for Keynote the delivering be will @GovChristie hear to Glad
it. love will Everyone convention. @RNC the for surprise' 'big my on working am I Today
foreclosures. their all of rid get to want They bank. a from DIRECTLY can you if house a buy to time the is Now
major! Something Answer: http://t.co/4wFrQYtL do?" he might What convention. GOP 'surprise' to Trump "Donald @DC_Decoder: Via
see... and wait just true It's http://t.co/ZUisvmnp convention" GOP at role 'memorable' have will "Trump @CNNPolitics: Via
http://t.co/OGcbQ8z8 convention @RNC &amp; debate Medicare frame to how @PaulRyanVP of pick @MittRomney's discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
in! Tune AM. 7:30 @SquawkCNBC on #TrumpTuesday is Today
gold. place first including medals most the winning far by for team Olympic our to Congratulations
Scary. since. debt in $6T over added has @BarackObama http://t.co/I3ctX8ur bankruptcy toward headed US that predicted @PaulRyanVP ’08 In
@PaulRyanVP -- prosperity.” to way the not is spending and “Borrowing
it! get People http://t.co/43EBom3h products Chinese boycott to August this movement a organizing are Americans patriotic hear to Glad
Medicare. from $500M then more stole Care Obama
#MidasTouch blockbusters. summer are Both Rises. Knight Dark in featured was Tower Trump 3. Transformers in featured was Chicago Trump
victory! until days 85 platform. coherent &amp; conservative a on run will @MittRomney that shows @PaulRyanVP scared. is machine Chicago The
office. the at day another Just China. from spends he dollar every on cents 40 borrow will @BarackObama Today
in! Tune @foxandfriends. on be I'll AM 7:30 morning Monday
Roosevelt Theodore there."--Pres. halfway you're and can you "Believe
healthcare? have still them of many How POTUS. became @BarackObama since jobs their lost have people million 2 Over
http://t.co/PnlEqnYc Student? Exchange Foreign A Obama Barack Was @IBDeditorials: RT
http://t.co/ZHTrUAAa deals good in out $ loaning wasn't it that Treasury by advance in warned was Energy of Dep. Waste--@BarackObama's
better. do must &amp; can We http://t.co/xdombsP3 past the in are they believe 49% while ahead are days best America's think 36% Sad--only
proud! all us made They medal. gold their on @ussoccer team Soccer Olympic Women's great our to Congratulations
http://t.co/8iYmgpP6 answered- were page Facebook my from questions your if see to blog video my Watch
it--inexpensively. do to how know who people by them rebuild Let's World--horrible. Third are airports Our
fair. story--not @nytimes in deal raw a given .@lolojones
http://t.co/ZC0boYWu countries 20 from month one in visitors 8000 Trump." to thanks is jump "Tourism that reports newspaper/Scotland SUN
http://t.co/A968lMWo Speech' Convention GOP Time Prime Declines 'Trump article: Newsmax
award. Year" the of "Statesman the receive I when FL Sarasota in RNC the before night the speaking be will I
watch! bigger--just much something doing be will I because no said but RNC the at speak to asked was I @nydailynews the told we As
Convention--wrong! National Republican the at speak to wanted I that reported incorrectly knowingly News Daily York New failing The
cheat. can't they why understand don't They http://t.co/0ah0hBJt rigged. are Olympics the that theories conspiracy up cooking is China
hiding? @BarackObama is What transcripts. their released have Presidents recent All
http://t.co/gxoxLUdk (cont) away gave They NCAA. the handled they way incompetent grossly the on based resign should Board State Penn The
father. his respected and loved really He Jay. son Paterno's Joe from letter beautiful a Received
REPEAL! http://t.co/3yqQkzfs prices pizza raise to him force will ObamaCare that shareholders told has Schnatte John CEO .@PapaJohns
http://t.co/9bWwiJQg #trumpvlog my in show your of review great a gave I @SpikeLee and .@MikeTyson
http://t.co/9bWwiJQg #trumpvlog- today's in more and Scotland Links Golf International Trump on press great show @MikeTyson's of review A
http://t.co/B0tpm6It uninsured 30M leave still will 'ObamaCare' disgraceful @BarackObama's debt added in $1.8T &amp; taxes new 22 With Waste.
us. beat can't you cheating your with Even Olympics. the in count medal the win will USA the that advance in know China letting Just
Mac! welcome You're http://t.co/YeBeTEfe YouTube on views 64.5M at is song Trump' 'Donald .@MacMiller's
http://t.co/ifF3hqT9 donor Obama another to loan $105M a guaranteeing are We corruption. &amp; capitalism crony @BarackObama more Even
http://t.co/A968lMWo Convention National Republican re story Newsmax See
working. America get to vision the has @MittRomney better. do must We http://t.co/m8aFG5sb welfare of form some receiving now are 100M Over
MacArthur Douglas General -- quit." never "Americans
soon. very announced be will cast Star' 'All The weeks. 5 than less in filming starts @CelebApprentice of season new brand The
there? lived he when citizen Indonesian an become he Did passport. Indonesian an had ever @BarackObama if wonder I
212.836.3249 recipe. famous mother's City--my the in meatloaf Best Atrium? Tower Trump the in @TrumpGrill the to been you Have
there. out are They deals. good for looking keep and climate tough this in positive entrepreneurs--stay young struggling all To
tactics. Dirty http://t.co/GN1yv5z3 picks VP @MittRomney's on dirt' 'find to supporters asking already is @BarackObama DESPERATE-
http://t.co/coEWpKGc (cont) can't Americans million 2 than more then since &amp; China to markets its opened US the 2001 In facts: are These
plan. tax @BarackObama's &amp; debt US ObamaCare Why? http://t.co/hdeJacWE hiring aren't businesses but high year 4 a at are openings Job
James William -- does." It difference. a makes do you what if as "Act
us. bankrupt will that programs socialist for pay to Chinese the from borrowing by future children's our Rob .@BarackObama-Hood:
dealings. international all in Steal &amp; Cheat Lie - M.O. Chinese the That's Olympics. the in cheating caught was China that surprise No
Deal.' The of Art 'The Read http://t.co/nqyeOLry Taliban the to offer his 'sweetening' is Pathetic--@BarackObama
show. father's his to listen to used Fred father My Gambling. John by @WOR710 on interivewed being enjoy always I
http://t.co/PoaYvpSz airports our &amp; projects estate real Trump election 2012 the discussing Show Gambling John The on interview @WOR710 My
fast. professionals--and competent by renovated them have to need We embarrassing. It's decaying. are airports major Our
http://t.co/Fr4wsvsw advice estate real &amp; records sealed @BarackObama's convention @RNC the discussing @gretawire on interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/YbjBBGcf respond should @MittRomney how &amp; tactics dirty @BarackObama's discussing @Varneyco on interview @FoxBusiness My
worse! even doing are bloggers their &amp; sad Very sold." copies newsstand 283938 only to 18% dropped Magazine "@VanityFair reports NYPost The
http://t.co/mP76RKHT Columbia'" at Is Scandal Obama 'The Classmate: College "Obama's -- @theblaze @WayneRoot by article Great
http://t.co/VIJXqCgo (cont) cost will prison--which in life bargained plea his not penalty death the given be should Loughner killer Tucson
fail? they will when AOL Like stories. inaccurate very Also badly. very doing is .@HuffingtonPost
okay! that's far--but first--by the being for credit me give never They OPEC. and China hit to beginning finally are People
time. wonderful a be Should Year.' the of 'Statesman as honored am I when party GOP Sarasota of folks great the meeting to forward Looking
ethic. work American the attacks Obama welfare. for requirements work ending on @BarackObama hitting is @MittRomney that Glad
@FoxNews pm 10 at tonight @gretawire with interview my for in Tune
America! in made was It ads. attack his of one in plane my featured has @BarackObama that honored am I
credit. US ruined &amp; debt national new the to $6T over added has @BarackObama that me told and office my called has source' 'confidential A
governor! fantastic and conservative true a is He Convention. @RNC the at speaking be will @FLGovScott that hear to Glad
it? Get employ. I people less the me tax you more the Change': for United 'Americans at geniuses the To
hegemony. economic our ruined has @BarackObama http://t.co/55zpQJB2 'lift' economic an for China to looking is world the Now
enemy? the I am Why people. of thousands employ I world. the in empires estate real largest the of one run and founded have I
we? are sensitive little A http://t.co/JZNEbuJG 8.3% not 8.254% actually is unemployment the that 'clarified' has @whitehouse The
us? help that does How http://t.co/aMSg3aXw money bailout GM the with automakers German funding is @BarackObama - outsourcer real The
weak. is @BarackObama reality. new The http://t.co/LWhbf4ml escapades. illegal their on them lecture to diplomats US in' 'calls China Now
#trumpvlog. next the in review a doing be will I play. @MikeTyson's to went I
again. strong be to boost big a needs America that understands He @MittRomney. endorsed Eastwood Clint hear to Glad
ashamed. be should Chief in Commander Our http://t.co/ASUy2Q5b Ohio in vote military the suppress to suing is Outrageous--@BarackObama
claimhttp://t.co/fD5WYSze tax @SenatorReid's &amp; records sealed @BarackObama's convention @GOP the discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
better. do must We http://t.co/eJjnDxvi force labor of out dropped 94000 &amp; July in jobs held fewer 175000 women--over on war real The
http://t.co/eJjnDxvi downgraded being credit country's our of anniversary YR 1 the marked @BarackObama--yesterday to Congratulations
taxes. @MittRomney's about lies spreading than budget a passing actually about concerned more be should Senate The
waste. on away future children's our spending keep can't We 'stimulus.' another do not should Fed The
http://t.co/azS83eAN @whitehouse joining before month a only affiliate Iranian from fee $100G collected Plouffe David - Convenient
http://t.co/azS83eAN affiliate Iranian from fee $100G collected Advisor WH Senior current &amp; manager campaign '08 Wrong--@BarackObama's
choice. Easy debt. new in $12T over create will @BarackObama reelected If POTUS. elected if jobs new million 2 create will .@MittRomney
Kiyosaki@theRealKiyosaki T. Robert -- winners." inspires failure losers defeats "Failure
Rezko. Tony of help the with house his bought @BarackObama that me told and office my called has source' credible 'extremely An
fraud. a is certificate birth @BarackObama's that me told and office my called has source' credible 'extremely An
it! about student--think foreign a as Occidental to applied @BarackObama that me told &amp; office my called has source' credible 'extremely An
http://t.co/yMfSHjqr (cont) Their shameful. &amp; slavery day modern is It http://t.co/aZ2ihCnv abusive is program training Olympic China's
Americans. be to proud us Makes world. the in competitors greatest the be to again once proving are Olympics the in athletes Our
proud. very all us made have You ever. career Olympic greatest the concluding on @MichaelPhelps to Congratulations
terrific! is She gymnastics. in USA the for Gold the winning on Douglas Gabby to Congratulations
disaster! a is @BarackObama July. in workforce the of out dropped Americans fellow our of more 150000 Over
8.3% to up months--now straight 41 for 8% over been has Unemployment recovery. or growth no show again once numbers job New
usual. us---as at laughing is China http://t.co/hCpQuryC year this $375B passed already have debt the on payments interest US
http://t.co/6xUs8cMy Israel' of Capital the Jerusalem in @MittRomney Year...President 'Next @CmteForIsrael: from ad new Great
wins. their on taxed be not should athletes Our http://t.co/ARumQ0yi medals Olympic on tax the eliminate to trying is Good--@marcorubio
http://t.co/79UqF1vO Effect" Trump "The detailing @Newsmax_Media month's this of copy your grab to sure Make
http://t.co/S0Igc7Bu June in 8% from up July in 8.2% at unemployment US has @gallupnews - economy the understands who President a need We
records?! college sealed his all release Obama will When http://t.co/aiwwi3Q9 secrecy for Bush hit @BarackObama '08 In
Walton --Sam is." vision scarce; isn't "Capital
himself. to donated @BarackObama travel through campaign his on dollars tax our of millions spending After pious! and generous So
http://t.co/FexCgmzX reelection his for studies 'independent' write ex-staffers his having is deceptions--@BarackObama and lies More
jobs. our steals China while idle stood has He @BarackObama. under losses order greatest its suffered has sector manufacturing U.S. The
better. much do can abysmal--we is record economic @BarackObama's http://t.co/wHykAcxV week last again yet rose claims Jobless
fantastic! are you picture--- beautiful the for Thanks @taylorswift13
Senator. outstanding an be will He night. last victory primary Texas his on @tedcruz to Congratulations
country? our bankrupting he is Why history. America's in highest the are @BarackObama under deficits The
http://t.co/W0ur3yr2 November in firings no ordering states to demands regulatory issuing is @BarackObama Now
http://t.co/rvIqsxcT : Matter" Does "Culture Op-Ed .@MittRomney
#tcot #Mitt2012 http://t.co/tfLcjCNC prosperity: return to how knows @MittRomney @RobPortman: Senator Ohio
http://t.co/xoo32RR9 Cohen Michael by @Newsmax from Men" American to Happened "What article: Good
#tcot http://t.co/D1yC29ty kind: so not was change and hope businesses small these For - "Dream" AD TV @MittRomney NEW
Effect" Trump "The cover @Newsmax_Media's November."-- in class chattering the of wisdom conventional the defy again could Trump "Donald
lead. their take should country great--our was team gymnastic American The
job! Fantastic all. them of champion Olympic greatest the are .@MichaelPhelps--you
@jack_welch will."-- else someone or destiny own your "Control
http://t.co/GA2MwpVg (cont) climate a created have policies @BarackObama's numbers. June weak with fall to continuing is spending Consumer
allowed! not balanced---deficits not is budget country's our if re-election for eligible be should Congress of member No
http://t.co/SjrJXxeq (cont) or insane stupid labeled is @BarackObama about derogatory anything says that Anybody #1. it! pick You
USA! TEAM GO well. as @NBC by coverage Great Olympics. the Enjoying
accountability? the Where's http://t.co/ZmCzIZbK households ineligible to went stamps food in $460M over - abuse and fraud waste More
guy. great a and player great a both is Jeter game--Derek @Yankees night's last Attended
http://t.co/kGtwEC7o Jerusalem on @MittRomney attacks he Now http://t.co/JfV7PRHk capital Israel's Jerusalem called @BarackObama '08 In
speeches. his with filled iIPod an England of Queen the gave triumphs--he diplomatic @BarackObama's of example Another
strength through freedom of value the understand Poles The http://t.co/LscukqHL Poland in well-received being @MittRomney see to Great
'competent'? or 'likeable' be to leaders their want ultimately Americans interesting--will very are 2012 for numbers polling The
Missy! going Great talent. major a also She's world. the over take can that smile a got She's Franklin. Missy to job Great
http://t.co/jKSWEwSk market land &amp; housing US the &amp; trip current @MittRomney's polls election 2012 discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
US! for deal terrible A http://t.co/zH0CBxEn Canada. with deal oil $1.5B massive a preparing is China Now Keystone. blocked .@BarackObama
http://t.co/icpABbJQ decade a in debt $25.4T projected a &amp; budget 2012 from deficit $1.2T projecting is Reckless--@BarackObama
shortfall. doctor tremendous a to lead will it but taxes new 21 least at have ObamaCare does only Not
act. should grievances--we many of one Only shores. our on turbines wind bird-killing dumping illegally are Chinese The
working! not is plan @BarackObama's guess I 1.5%. now &amp; 2011 in 2% to down 4.1% was 2010 in GDP US The
soil?! foreign on country our for apologized Obama has times many diplomacy--how on @MittRomney questioning careful be should .@BarackObama
skills. diplomatic @MittRomney's questioning are Dems the public--yet in King Saudi the to bowed .@BarackObama
his. of all keep actually will Mitt that is @Israel to promises campaign @BarackObama's and @MittRomney between difference The
convention. their in role key a play @billclinton Pres. have to Democrats the by move Smart
Edison work."--Thomas hard for substitute no is "There
Change! &amp; Hope What @whitehouse? the visit to Brotherhood Muslim the allowed @BarackObama has Why
field. the on things great do will @TimTebow &amp; @Mark_Sanchez season. terrific a have to going are @nyjets The
Mitt! back it Give http://t.co/rHSLJ9OQ @MittRomney on attacks negative been have ads campaign @BarackObama's of 97% - guy' 'nice a What
'08. in point same at 5% by up was Obama http://t.co/qvUIlevF 49%-44% @BarackObama beating @MittRomney has @RasmussenPoll - news Good
good. looking man--polls successful &amp; honorable He's way. his go will race the @MittRomney know to gets public American when confident am I
economy. the for Nasty seen. ever we've what beyond perhaps prices food in jump a cause will This 50%. over jumped has corn of Price
future. children's our Killing 2011. in Treasury by issued debt all of 61% purchased Reserve Federal @BarackObama--the of Audacity The
day. nice a Have debt. intergovernmental in $4.7T another plus liabilities total in $17.5T &amp; assets in $2.7T has government Federal The
overturn. to sue alumni the hope I people. wrong the punishes &amp; ridiculous is deal The worse. things made leadership State Penn folding By
hills. the for ran They him. abandoned friends Paterno's Joe of all fast how Amazing
taxpayer. per $64K of average an by increased has debt US the office taken has @BarackObama Change--since &amp; Hope
bank! the to way the all laughing are OPEC &amp; China why wonder we &amp; debt entire world's the of third a than more for hook the on is Gov't US
term! his of years four all in deficits dollar trillion run to POTUS first the is @BarackObama--he to Congratulations
http://t.co/N4sR0XSI care health drop will employers 10 in 1 shows Study coverage? your keep could you promised @BarackObama when Remember
http://t.co/X3XeJ5jx list enemies @BarackObama's on is Twitter
plan? the of part unemployment real 16% the Is http://t.co/GELl3XSD "worked" plan economic his that claims Delusional--@BarackObama
bank. a from directly buy to market.Try residential buyer's a in currently are we that enough strongly stress can't I
play. him watching to forward look I move. smart a was Ichiro of acquisition @Yankees The
http://t.co/PzHMUYVO (cont) have should They university. great a destroyed perhaps &amp; scarred permanently has leadership .@penn_state
consistent. is @BarackObama least At http://t.co/sBijowpt insolvency? towards trajectory the on possibly is campaign Which
http://t.co/waPwJGxo off us rip to China allowing in is leadership our pathetic how prove problems political and economic domestic China's
http://t.co/iXove8Rh poll @gallupnews a in 63%-29% by @BarackObama over economy the handle to preferred is BIG--@MittRomney
http://t.co/kelmrLeG down'" died has returns tax @MittRomney's for 'Clamor "Trump: interview: @foxandfriends my discussing .@thehill
http://t.co/MB7X1xWL Returns" Tax @MittRomney's About Worried not Public "@realDonaldTrump: @Newsmax_Media: From:
http://t.co/isphPEQQ picks. stock my and wealth its spreading China numbers GDP the prices housing discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
Deal The of Art make."The don't you ones the are investments best your "Sometimes
legislation. up speed pass immediately Colorado--- in maniac for penalty death and trial Fast
http://t.co/DIv9sLI2 numbers" "phantom of because scrutiny" judicial survive "cannot certificate birth this--@BarackObama's Read
too? night election on Chicago in be he Will http://t.co/FiQnPjFs @BarackObama endorses Chavez SHOCK--Hugo
Jay! on Come transcripts"- college his release won't Obama "Why of questions reporters answer won't Carney Jay
http://t.co/tleFMljT overseas jobs outsourcing are that companies in investments major has Hypocrite--@BarackObama
debt. in $6T over added has America @BarackObama Under 50%. over of returns annual with rate success 80% an had Bain @MittRomney Under
http://t.co/ppUu3yvO decline" "in as viewed are we that warn to @MittRomney with meetings requesting already are leaders Foreign
http://t.co/HMtyFeFB (cont) as serving while fundraisers 300 over hold and golf of rounds 100 over play vacations 16 take could else Who
mayor. for running considering strongly is Kelly Ray Chief hope I NYC. protecting job fantastic a doing been has NYPD The
http://t.co/CVPNrEmD $1M over us cost - 16th her - vacation Aspen luxurious Obama's @Michelle debt 16T a and unemployment real US 15% With
http://t.co/GbVjCn0z Watergate" dwarf could probe "@RealSheriffJoe @washtimes: in article read Must
http://t.co/OG4StXtX better. do must We badly. suffering is sector Manufacturing 365000. astronomical an at now are claims jobless Weekly
http://t.co/U6lgyo6E report job the and @BarackObama to due uncertainty financial America's discussing interview @CNBCClosingBell My
in! Tune AM. 7:30 at morning Monday @foxandfriends on be I'll
#SCAM certificate. fake a produce to him allowed laws HI 1999http://bit.ly/JaHQW0 in Kenya" in "Born as himself listing @BarackObama With
us! with day field a having is China --- control of out are overruns Cost worse. getting keeps China in built Fransisco San in Bridge Bay
out. come will truth the but pulled @BarackObama scam the with impressed am I
http://t.co/MQy3bzfR (cont) he says He grades. and records application college his release should now--@BarackObama Vote it! gets Breitbart
terrorists. &amp; murderers mass for penalty death &amp; trials fast back Colorado--bring in wounded 50 and dead 12 least At
DON'T! I --- hairpiece a wear I said year this 18% almost down are ads whose magazine a @VanityFair failing for blogger dumb really Some
http://t.co/YJxA91PI (cont) loves he says He grades. &amp; records application college his release should now--Obama Vote it! gets Breitbart
http://t.co/ZEZYhUA4 (cont) is activity factory while http://t.co/3KgJncEM surged have claims jobless gloom: economic .@BarackObama
Council. Job his with meeting single a not and fundraisers 100 over held has @BarackObama months 6 last the In Irresponsible!
http://t.co/wbUFGDm8 bankruptcy for filed just It '10. in "success" its praised and Amonix to $20M gave @BarackObama - away thrown $ More
History"http://t.co/to6ooroM World in Spender Government Biggest "The about @Forbes at Ferrara Peter by read must article--a Great
people. great Two Africa. to mission their enjoying are Ruddy Chris NEWSMAX's and Clinton Bill hope I
program. entire the gutted just He http://t.co/suqTj30M Reform Welfare support didn't he that said @BarackObama 1999 In
Kenya?http://t.co/pDDHJcjH in born was he says which proposal book original his release @BarackObama doesn't @BreitbartFeed--why Via
http://t.co/YAuCG786 @MittRomney by released just ad campaign new Great
family?http://t.co/dAFnZBvA Terry's Brian to info Furious &amp; Fast releasing about kick--how "transparency" a such on is @BarackObama Since
http://t.co/MycLr19i election 2012 &amp; investigation @RealSheriffJoe's Council Job @BarackObama's discuss I where interview @seanhannity My
cronyism Chicago http://t.co/9tPQ5mbp boondoggle Solyndra Obama the to linked fundraisers are bundlers largest Corrupt--@BarackObama's
Rich Get To --How loser." a you show I'll and ego an without someone me "Show
http://t.co/5P104rFT (cont) attendance. @BarackObama's concerning system their in error" "computer a was there stated University Columbia
http://t.co/1tD9P1jC Scotland- Links Golf International Trump of day opening the on family my with photo a Taking
--Caesar deaths." actual their before times many die "Cowards
... Success" Own Your Even Not Nothing Own "You - motto @BarackObama new The
http://t.co/zbgkGPdN Rezko of help the with bought he home his in fundraiser a with 'birthday' his celebrating is @BarackObama So
American." an be to how "learn to needs indeed @BarackObama -- yesterday knew even he than right more was Sununu John
http://t.co/c9PYimWh 1.7% at whole a on 2012 with 1.5% to Q3 and 1.4% to 1.7% from down growth Q2 readjusted has Morgan JP recovery? What
records? sealed @BarackObama's or returns tax @MittRomney's have? to public American the for important more What's
Mandela! Nelson to birthday 94th Happy
anymore. hide can't @BarackObama @RealSheriffJoe to Thanks truth. the after were "Birthers" the said always I As
deal! land Rezko Tony Obama's about How http://t.co/gLPRy9lS criminal potential a @MittRomney calling is campaign @BarackObama's So
certificate? birth Hawaii official an procure to citizen US be to have doesn't who resident HI an allow 338-17.8 Statute Revised HI does Why
fake is certificate' 'birth @BarackObama's claims which investigation Posse Case Cold successful his on @RealSheriffJoe to Congratulations
http://t.co/GOnL8CT1 premiere Rises Knight Dark the on report great a has Adams Cindy @NewYorkPost's
http://t.co/ow3Jfwj3 @velvet_roper @NewYorkObserver's via @melaniatrump with Rises Knight Dark of premiere NYC the at carpet red the On
record. horrendous his on focus America have can't He reelected. get can he way only the is @BarackObama by played being warfare class The
Tower! Trump for watch to Remember weekend. this million $180 over gross to projected is Rises Knight Dark
http://t.co/OKBJCRzs application? INS 1961 his in son his as @BarackObama list to fail Sr. BarackObama did Weird--why
tax." a with hit getting not you're insurance health have you "If QUOTE: #BARACKTAX
Repeal! &amp; Dismantle Disrupt to continue must GOP The http://t.co/6JlII3R8 TAX a is Obamacare admit @BarackObama Watch
T-A-X. a is ObamaCare http://t.co/J375jNf1 taxpayers for worse things make will ObamaCare think 60% over poll @gallupnews a to According
http://t.co/Vlyj8nKx BS his of because Court Supreme the hate Americans making for Roberts John to Congratulations
Columbia. and Occidental from transcripts--both and applications college his all release should @BarackObama transparency of sake the For
hide? to nothing was there if records his hide to dollars of millions spending be @BarackObama would Why
(sealed)? records passport @BarackObama's see we will When
records. tax his for asked ever he that regret @BarackObama make to needs .@MittRomney
http://t.co/sgfo8Om6 GOP Sarasota by Year" the of "Statesman 2012 the awarded being discussing @pwgavin with @politico in interview My
http://t.co/aO6hdE9E election 2012 &amp; records college @BarackObama's QE3 a do shouldn't Fed the why discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/xRc4oKn6 #trumpvlog- today's in more and #TheDarkKnightRises of review My
http://t.co/f2aVsybQ lawsuits more even for ready getting are lawyers trial the Now reform? tort any have not did @ObamaCare how Remember
time. records--it's sealed @BarackObama's of all &amp; any for asking starts now @MittRomney hope I
interesting! very very very very be would application college .@BarackObama's
it? show to want he wouldn't why record academic wonderful a such had @BarackObama If
http://t.co/E8q0xakY (cont) the Maybe birth? of place question: the to application college @BarackObama's on is answer the what wonder I
ethic. work strong a in believe doesn't He http://t.co/gd9UgcQZ reform welfare gut unilaterally to trying is Outrageous--@BarackObama
Tzu Sun -- fighting." without enemy the subdue to is war of Art Supreme "The
http://t.co/pBayUVFj states swing the across ads attack on $100M over spent already has @BarackObama Change. and Hope for much So
http://t.co/usMgfinG Russians the to program space our outsourced has @BarackObama exceptionalism. American for respect no has He
2012 for election legal &amp; safe a FL making is He http://t.co/zxr8HKTJ database federal to access winning on @FLGovScott to Congratulations
@OMAROSA better! Get LA. in well recuperating is @Official1MCD hope I
here. story No http://t.co/fojpXKso '99 in left @MittRomney that confirmed have Bain at supporters @BarackObama 'active' 2 controversy? What
work! won't tactics Alinsky Saul @BarackObama's http://t.co/dcTOq3QZ 2000 in website its on Executive an as @MittRomney list not did Bain
http://t.co/0UsM6yZT records &amp; applications college his release should @BarackObama how discussing interview @foxandfriends My
contract his renegotiate should &amp; order batting the in down him move soon will player.@Yankees baseball average an just is A-Rod free drug A
puppy. sick a is Anthony Clinton Unlike interview." tell-all a giving by @billclinton a "pull to @RepWeiner wants Huma Wife
http://t.co/S4zZJ4A8 (cont) wishes. warmest and love our Sly send all We weekend. this Sage son wonderful his lost @TheSlyStallone friend My
succeed. to how on from learn can Americans and successful been has who President a have must we again great be to America For
#GOMITT tiger. paper a is He @MittRomney. before opponent @GOP tough a had never has @BarackObama career political entire his In
suspended. be should State Penn at program Football The
years... these all crimes Sandusky's hiding for ashamed be should close.They a to mess its bringing in job poor a doing is State Penn
it! Release http://t.co/fdRoq2V5 question." Trump "Donald a transcripts college @BarackObama's for asking considers @PressSec honor. true A
Presidents).... other (like records his all release should .@BarackObama
http://t.co/DVU19PVi EVERYONE on tax income the raises Congress to delivered has @BarackObama budget lies--every the believe Don't
unemployed. essentially is country our of it---20% of Think
first.' applications college your see to want we "ok--but him returns--tell tax @MittRomney's of yrs 10 see to wants .@BarackObama
not! is man--he nice a is Obama saying stop Must @MittRomney. against campaign @BarackObama by used being tactics Nasty
uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee the Burn China. in manufactured are uniforms Olympic America's
unemployment? Black 14.7% about questions answer can't he because it Is Convention. NAACP the to going not is @BarackObama why wonder I
Philbin! Regis great the to hands--insult his at picking stop must he mouth-&amp; his in Marbles Kelly. with co-hosting terrible was Meyers Seth
@MittRomney - class." middle the of expansion the and security economic mobility upward for force greatest the still is enterprise "Free
reviews. rave to opened Scotland Links Golf International Trump better. get to country our for fighting and Scotland from NY in Back
Emerson Waldo us."--Ralph within lies what to compared matters tiny are us before lies what and us behind lies "What
http://t.co/eksS9XhO (cont) how that Is mediocre. be best at or out fizzle ultimately will do you everything passion have don't you "If
country? another to taxes paid and sources foreign from income his of 1/3 over earned who @BarackObama before POTUS a had ever we Have
http://t.co/oUe7JRnf taxes foreign in $5841 paid and $894520 gross his of out income foreign of $269710 over reported .@BarackObama
http://t.co/HO3AmJh3 country. this of out outsourced being jobs more to led have policies @BarackObama's that realizes Left the Even
guy? this is Who arise. to continue biography @BarackObama's in discrepancies more daily Almost
http://t.co/ZJojrvvG year? 1 Columbia at only was he show and @BarackObama contradict records database do strange--why Very
Gruters Joe Chair GOP --Sarasota nonpolitical." or political Trump Donald than America in name bigger no "There's
unemployment. Black high such is there why is which granted for vote their takes @BarackObama NAACP. the addressed @MittRomney Today
http://t.co/odIYqiq3 award Year' the of 'Statesman 2012 my on Gruters Joe Chair GOP Sarasota of Atlantic @The the in interview Nice
Game. All-Star @MLB the winning on League National the to Congratulations night. last game last one manage Russa La Tony see to Great
http://t.co/s9YZymoA Scotland" in course golf new on off tees "Trump @AFP: Via
@Newsmax_Media via http://t.co/imy5WsQr World'" the In Course Golf 'Greatest Opens "Trump point: on always is Ruddy Chris
http://t.co/bi2VmLJE course" golf £100m opens Trump "Donald -- @guardian the in article Great
Furious?! &amp; Fast on Privilege Executive used just Obama when @MittRomney against Nixon Richard invoke @BarackObama can How
http://t.co/EAvn6KPU posters. propaganda communist Cuban as font same the uses logo campaign @BarackObama's coincidence?! a What
Churchill Winston -- results." the at look occasionally should you strategy the beautiful "However
http://t.co/z3uEpKWL (cont) $6T over accruing while unemployment 8% over of straight months 40 over had now has @BarackObama--he to Congrats
http://t.co/0842B3yZ true. Rises---it's Knight Dark in Enterprises Wayne for exterior the is Tower Trump how about talking is Everyone
Rezko? Tony with contracts deal land illegal @BarackObama's reviewing about How records. bank @MittRomney's on focusing is media liberal The
expanding. and hiring both from businesses stopping is ObamaCare 14.9%. over is Rate Unemployment U-6 The
http://t.co/4IVBckTE latest the is This authority? of grabs power major are that orders executive issuing constantly @BarackObama is Why
see---- to wants everyone that things the releases @BarackObama until information further other any give not should .@MittRomney
applications. college his reveals @BarackObama when should he returns- tax past more even over hand to @MittRomney wants Obama President
amazing. it's world--- the in course golf greatest the be to hope we what open to Scotland in I'm
http://t.co/VXNSqp4g (cont) The County. Sarasota of Party Republican the by Year the of Statesman chosen been have to honored truly am I
http://t.co/VNZRRteT Scotland- Links Golf International Trump of opening grand the for Scotland in arrived just I and family My
#newsmax #sayfie Icon. an be will Trump-Doral The it. at looked we time the from Doral loved she @IvankaTrump to it hand Gotta
#newsmax #sayfie country. the in club hottest the be will it Doral at do I what see golfers true When
ahead. lie leadership wise with days brightest who's country great a America July! of 4th Great A
@MittRomney for Time down. numbers Job Change? and Hope
of. rid get to hard are Weasels Weiner. Anthony on eye an Keep
ashamed. be should he him-- loves now media liberal The etc. Magazine Time of cover the made Roberts Justice anticipated I As
new? is else what So terrible! today--- numbers Job
Fitzgerald Scott F. ? defeat." final a with defeat single a confuse "Never
there. stay will he and lucky get will we Maybe yesterday. Malta in arrived Roberts John
"ally." Some years?! 6 for Laden Bin Osama to sanctuary safe providing for us to apologize Pakistan will When
country? the running actually about How Pennsylvania. Tomorrow tour. bus a on Ohio in is @BarackObama Today
tomorrow. numbers New http://t.co/nJ0glzLd disaster a is economy @BarackObama's 8.2%. to readjusted been have numbers jobless May
stars. movie true few the of one He's quits. ever never and off ass his works He Cruise. Tom like I say people what care don't I
http://t.co/hucDSvb7 (1915-2012) Shamir Yitzhak -- much." too bend never must "We
jobs?! the are Where http://t.co/V7cQCFNx Disability" 'Federal on workers million 8.74 - America @BarackObama's to Welcome
Shameful! class. middle the on history in increase tax largest the gave @BarackObama http://t.co/vZmg1g5v tax" a "is ObamaCare @AP's: Via
http://t.co/OCnibfe5 vitality" economic long-term for opportunity best "the equity private called @BarackObama '06 in Hypocrite!
http://t.co/ISaJp1xo November. before right Iran on attack possible a preparing is @BarackObama predicted I as Just
summer.http://b.globe.com/Lj5bqW this Vineyard Martha's in vacation not will @BarackObama re-election. his for sacrfices Wow--such
need. or want not does York New that man perverted &amp; sick a is He comeback. a make to trying is Weiner Anthony Congressman former Degenerate
up. going never is mosque The http://t.co/WTuwxPJB developers Mosque Zero Ground the against suit its won has Ed Con
http://t.co/0Dnwgi5p certificate birth actual America's is Here birthday. 236th America's Day Independence celebrate we Tomorrow
http://t.co/nCcjoSzw (cont) Then election. the after until production oil increase to Saudis the with deal a made @BarackObama believe I
states. swing in substantially leading is out--he just @MittRomney for numbers poll Great
http://t.co/OJTV1miD $120K under making folks by shouldered be will ObamaCare of 'brunt' The
dime. our on fundraising always is Obama http://t.co/TJM5NNVT One? Force Air from calls donor campaign make to @BarackObama for legal it Is
http://t.co/1fvw7Atm overseas jobs ship not did @MittRomney that found has http://t.co/arwFQ3xA lie? to continuing @BarackObama is Why
daily. everyone with communicating Love followers. Twitter 1.3M passed just have to Happy
year. great a having He's Stars. All Team 1st the on been have should Mets NY the of Wright David
http://t.co/rSCMqggG SuperPAC Pro-Obama with par on is spending SuperPAC whining--Pro-Romney @BarackObama's believe Don't
inactivity. for you tax now can government the means ruling ObamaCare USC Dangerous--The
http://t.co/L4FVnlof murder. with away getting is China case. iPad settle to $60M pays Apple court: China
http://t.co/4sYZMQHh @apple before iPad registered that company Chinese a to $60M pay to @apple ordered court China A WRONG:
http://t.co/uFZHeEhM Beach Jones for plans my &amp; fundraiser Romney-Trump the ObamaCare discussing interview @foxandfriends My
in! Tune AM. 7:30 @SquawkCNBC on #TrumpTuesday is Tomorrow
MacArthur Douglas --General him." make command his under troops the as bad as just or good as just is general "A
climate the on effect warming a have farms wind that show studies -- Interesting
done. has @Cadillac job great a what about raving car--are hot very a becoming is Cadillacs--it driving are who mine of Friends
#GOMITT November! this @BarackObama solution--defeat one only now There's http://t.co/05sjPOxx hikes tax 21 has ObamaCare
decision. ObamaCare the since million $4.2 over raised &amp; online donations 42k received has @MittRomney Party! Tea the comes news--here Great
bullshit! Roberts' Justice of light in principles his to sticking for himself of proud be should Kennedy Justice
http://t.co/w47Efau7 (cont) when decision relations public good his with out come to order in tax a was it said Roberts that Interesting
raised. was money of Lots ahead. battle the for ready and focused is He night. last @MittRomney with time great a Had
http://t.co/09769AIk position. his switched then Roberts and ObamaCare on majority the wrote originally Scalia Justice that seems It
http://t.co/1SwLH6c5 (cont) tax a is ObamaCare said essentially He favor. great a @MittRomney and Party Republican the did Roberts Justice
http://t.co/hsd0dVjn (cont) from press loving get to order in reasoning irrational absolutely with principles his on turned Roberts Justice
http://t.co/fZndm7zB ecosystems. local their to damage tremendous cause also but at look to disgusting only not are Farms Wind
November. this @MittRomney electing on now focus all must We medicine. socialized to lead and country our bankrupt will Obamacare
http://t.co/7xUAxXOq Fees" and Taxes Obamacare Expensive Most 10 "Top @Heritage: from list A
November. this @MittRomney elect must We people. American the to up now is Obamacare Stopping #FullRepeal:
http://t.co/XNsbCxCs tax a is mandate individual the that true" "not is it that 09 in @GStephanopoulos told this---@BarackObama Remember
tax?! Government a be logically insurance health private buy to requirement a can How today. decision terrible a made USC The
knew. anyone than more society Georgetown of part a be to wanted @JusticeRoberts guess I @ObamaCare. passed Court Supreme the Wow
season. great another have will we usual As #CelebrityApprentice. season's next for begun have talks Preliminary
Disraeli --Benjamin comes." it when opportunity his for ready be to man a for is life in success of secret "The
accountability. No leaks. security national the investigate to counsel independent an appoint not did @BarackObama that terrible is It
http://t.co/lqmm7BYh (cont) be would That future. near the in inflation high record bring could years 3 past these actions Fed's The
http://t.co/rW8CaIsc India. and China in jobs outsourced with company travel a using is campaign @BarackObama's outsourcer? the Who's
http://t.co/8j3bT1cZ turmoil. in is Party Democratic The Convention. DNC @BarackObama's attending not are Democrats of List" "Lion's A
downturn. @BarackObama the end will election @MittRomney's months. straight 40 record a for 8% over been has Unemployment
Law Sanders --Vernon afterwards." lesson the first test the gives she because teacher hard a is "Experience
soon. country our own will They http://t.co/Y50nOI5R developments and homes U.S. buy to looking is Bank Development China's Scary--now
http://t.co/OilIIIub journalists Israeli from questions take won't who representatives Brotherhood Muslim Egypt new the to Welcome
http://t.co/HoOrtf0z canceled. be to starting are events and deficit $27M a has Convention DNC @BarackObama's - Shock
Peale Vincent Norman -- that." do can hearts empty and heads empty Only back. anyone held never pockets "Empty
http://t.co/RPwiLB86 SCOTUS at arguments oral the since @ObamaCare implementing on $2.7B over spent has @BarackObama Outrageous-
http://t.co/nukaZ0fR (cont) man family decent &amp; wonderful A him. know I way the @MittRomney know to get to starting is America glad am I
repealed! fully be must It http://t.co/hULkXMqC inequality income increases actually @ObamaCare @BarackObama: by promise broken Another
http://t.co/1lCvEarb (cont) on him congratulate to victor Brotherhood Muslim the call quickly to sure made @BarackObama statesman! a What
Mubarek. abandoned have should never @BarackObama Egypt. over taken has Brotherhood Muslim the predicted I as Just won. have Islamists The
http://t.co/VHGk9X1I system tax US &amp; resources gas natural vast our Egypt over taking Brotherhood Muslim re: interview @foxandfriends My
AM 7:30 @SquawkCNBC on #TrumpTuesday is Tomorrow
http://t.co/Db8uYVfO @BarackObama on article insightful An
unsightly. and costly very be to proving is Power Wind
http://t.co/CgZyoszb hacked. was newspaper military Chinese A justice. is there Sometimes
politics! Smart http://t.co/Cak0BpR1 Charlotte in convention DNC the skipping are 2012 in reelection for up Democrats Many
http://t.co/MYGebRJq Furious &amp; Fast on priv. exec. using for rationale @BarackObama's spin to try spokesman WH the Watch
http://t.co/ar9GHKlz each. $9.8M costing jobs total 910 created Projects Wind Solar for 'Stimulus' in spent @BarackObama that $9B The
http://t.co/8eY1iFc5 (cont) AAA giving @Moody's for up make don't yesterday from downgrades bank The publicity. make to out is Moody's
Unsustainable! http://t.co/BUNtYpbt 15%. by up gone has price average the years 4 last the In control. of out completely are tuitions U.S.
http://t.co/1uZiBeXj (cont) for wonders done has &amp; owner tremendous a is @MickyArison championship. @NBA winning on @MiamiHEAT to Congrats
anti-jobs"http://t.co/N7bVK7IY anti-business "anti-investment @BarackObama called @MittRomney point. on staying and messaging Good
Edison Thomas - work." like looks and overalls in dressed is it because people most by missed is "Opportunity
better! much do can We http://t.co/N6svVkUK them than off better be will children their think parents American of 16% Sad--just
familiar! Sound $44.6M. spent but May in $39M in took campaign @BarackObama The
filming. during Enterprises Wayne for in stood Tower Trump http://t.co/OGSnTISb fantastic is trailer @DarKnightRises new The
year. last rapes 19000 Over military. U.S. the in problem huge a is Rape
someday. @BarackObama President with golf playing to forward look I
result. right the get will we Hopefully @ObamaCare. on now day any ruling be should USC The
http://t.co/TdZTHk2v events @MittRomney at heckle to organizers political paid sending are people @BarackObama's - SHOCK
House. White @BarackObama's in ups cover two least at clearly are there Furious &amp; Fast and leaks security national the CORRUPT--with
http://t.co/3xYbmuyx administration. @BarackObama the by leak intelligence massive another yet was there Yesterday
http://t.co/f0CFiUS9 Mexico! of President the now but King Saudi the to bowing caught was @BarackObama First Amateur! The
so. you told I remember years 5 In recovered. fully have values before housing buy to time the is Now
business. new a into go should I Maybe hits. million 60 hit just Trump" "Donald .@MacMiller's
#CelebrityApprentice) win to pays (It well. really do will He show! night late new his on @arsenioofficial to Congratulations
language. body bad really --- President our for respect no has Putin
@BarackObama at Laughing http://t.co/4B9uLXxV coast. Syrian along Russians &amp; IraniansSyrians the w/ game war a planning are Chinese the Now
thing. right the did Pettitte Andy trial. to brought been have should never case This courage. great showed he Clemens Roger to Congrats
them. embarrassed has He http://t.co/QoH1or3m re-election. his to opposition in out coming are professors old @BarackObama's even Now
http://t.co/MtwYtrNz Euro the of future the and economy Germany's Spain in investing mess financial Europe's re: interview @SquawkCNBC My
years?! 3 last the it about done @BarackObama has what Well US. the than airports and cities better has China that said @VPBiden Friday On
Congress! with deals make to productively it used he wish just I golf. of lot a plays @BarackObama that mind don't I
Welch -Jack others." growing about all is success leader a become you When yourself. growing about all is success leader a are you "Before
in! Tune interesting. Always AM. 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/tqhszz5n hotcakes! like selling It's 28th. June this York New in me and @MittRomney with dinner a Win
Wooden John -- out." work things how of best the make who those for best out work "Things
favor. the return to need we then us on spy to want Chinese the If China. in especially assets intelligence our protect to needs U.S. The
tool. campaign a as presidency the of office the using is He reelection. for done was immigration on @BarackObama by announcement Today's
divisions. public the with Stop November. this @MittRomney electing of mission the with united be to @GOP the for time the is Now
wait? long the Why transcripts. and applications school law and college @BarackObama's see to able be will we when wonder I
Eisenhower D. --Dwight it." do to wants he because done want you something do to else someone getting of art the "Leadership:
professional. Absolute season. amazing another with impress to continued has @DerekJeter watch. to fun game the make sports in players Great
--@MittRomney losers" picking (@BarackObama) of case the in or winners; picking government in believe don't "I
http://t.co/I6sohsGm world the around dropped has favorability U.S. world" the "engaging of talk @BarackObama's of all Failure--for
http://t.co/fxavxE8Y environment- the for are turbines wind bad how see to video this Watch
http://t.co/6emqKVhx re-elected @BarackObama PM--want new its for socialist a elected just France--who of 92% Shocking--over
http://t.co/7sVT1dDY (cont) is choice The Ohio. in policies economic their on speeches giving are @MittRomney and @BarackObama both Today
again. prosperous and great be to country our for is wish My birthday. my is Today
Lombardi --Vince have." we what with do we what is are we who of measure "The
buy! to time the is This market. buyer's a in are we that is wealth household in plunge the from positive one The
http://t.co/Wp4ozvQx economy the fix to time more for asking is @BarackObama later deficits budget annual $1T and debt in SCARY-$6T
2005. since dollar our against 40% appreciated has yuan The threats. sovereign greatest nation's our of one is manipulation currency China's
remedy! perfect The http://t.co/b3IvAjvi options more with choices consumer on relies ObamaCare post plan healthcare @MittRomney The
us! at laughing is China consumer. oil biggest Canada's become has China pipeline XL Keystone the rejecting @BarackObama to Thanks
problems. many her of some about worrying start &amp; tweeting stop to needs She @MittRomney. about nonsense tweets @Cher again Once
http://t.co/O5YRxtOd (cont) their after united is GOP NC The @ppppolls. to according Carolina North in leading now is news--@MittRomney Good
http://t.co/iV3bM8LD Universe Trump#Miss &amp; #CelebApprentice GOP 2012 united a comments @JebBush's discussing interview @IngrahamAngle My
http://t.co/FIsVfaV0 Trips Weekend for Annually Million $1 Spends @VP Biden
think. most than impact negative less have will -- done! is U.S. the hurt to place in put Euro The
election. legal a be must Florida http://t.co/4TYPvqvh rolls voter the protect can he so Government Federal the suing is Good--@FLGovScott
Churchill --Winston counts." that continue to courage the is it fatal: not is failure final not is "Success
China.http://nyti.ms/KAOnVq with waiver a negotiating is and sanctions Iranian on importers oil major exempted already has Sad.@BarackObama
fine." "doing is economy private the thinks @BarackObama But http://t.co/WoEWPYj5 2007-2010 from 40% fell wealth private Scary--Americans
http://t.co/LEMCBr00 (cont) country the or ObamaCare overturn &amp; thing" right "the do should Court Supreme US The right. 100% is .@MittRomney
http://t.co/wNWdZjTE Beijing. but Tokyo in not chairman Pacific Asia new their based just Sachs Goldman reality. new the to Welcome
$30/barrel. be should Oil outputs. oil with recently favors any us doing been not have Saudis the and OPEC stories. media the believe Don't
http://t.co/j3UREEXQ development" gas with Pa. Northeast on are Eyes "@EricTrump: - @timestribune The
@KingJames now! is time Lebron's finals. @NBA the in @MiamiHEAT the for pulling am I landowners largest Miamii's of one As
http://t.co/hR2kh5iO Open @PGATOUR &amp; output OPEC's purchase Miami Doral the Dimon Jamie discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/WrVwfD1m ratings low @msnbctv's &amp; @CNN and @MittRomney on attacks comments @billlmaher's discussing interview @gretawire My
position! important an such is--and Commerce of Secretary our who of aware us make to accident auto run &amp; hit a took it Sadly
Gerber --Michael job." a builds technician the enterprise; an builds entrepreneur "The
@TheInvestShow 1st Dec. on Africa South in Address Keynote the present will Jr. Don
AM. 7:38 at tomorrow Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC Trump
situation. grave very a is This independent. not is leaks security national the into investigation Department's Justice The
dumber? any get it Does http://t.co/zKgdVbCd grants their from money the spend to how recipients grant teach to $70M spending is WASTE--HUD
debt. our from theft their offset should We http://t.co/Oqi65Leb design Raptor F-22 military's our copied has China
gov't around revolves him to illustrative.Everything is fine" doing "is sector private the that claiming @BarackObama by gaffe Friday's Last
crazy! hits---- million 60 almost to up is song Trump" "Donald
critic. a be will I Finally people). things(and critique to me asking is everyone fast really rising and followers million 1.3 almost With
fights. round 15 the back Bring dying. is boxing wonder No night. Saturday on fight title his in robbed was .@MannyPacquiao
. league different a away- Pennsylvania Miss blows She statements. phoney Pennsylvania's Miss of denial her in great was Florida Miss
pageant. USA Miss the of defense wonderful her for woman great a @TheRealMarilu to Thanks
PR. up made Pennsylvania's Miss by insulted are judges celebrity the and Young &amp; Ernst firm Accounting
Culpo. Olivia USA Miss of winner real the of expense the at publicity free for looking just is Pennsylvania Miss
Tiffany's. of front in Hepburn Audrey as tomorrow @NewYorkPost in @MissUSA Beautiful
down. way now interest Stakes- Belmont of out Another Have I'll bad Too
honor. great My me. attacking by visits celebrity constant Obama's of criticism any deflects Secretary Press Typical--@BarackObama's
warfare. class by consumed is Obama http://t.co/01OoawRJ assets. own his control to how @MittRomney telling is @BarackObama Now
better. much do can We Americans. unemployed million 23.2 over with 14.8% is rate unemployment real The tragedy. a is This
Tzu Sun -- victorious." be will cannot he when and fight can he when knows who "He
http://t.co/YfYXJdAQ yesterday interview great a gave Mitt @MittRomney. with House White the in ally an have will businesses Small
http://t.co/uO6ERFGP Avenue.... Park Trump in penthouse amazing this of tour a Take
http://t.co/DHDYkWB2 loan. DOE biggest got firm staff's of chief @VPBiden's corruption. solar @BarackObama more Shock--even
unsustainable. is spending deficit massive @BarackObama's warning. a as serve should calamity financial Greece's
http://t.co/1qJRbcBY Bain? from donations accepts @BarackObama why rationalize to trying yesterday look @davidaxelrod did foolish How
broken. be must fraud Voter elections November's this of sanctity the protecting is @FLGovScott that see to good It's
http://t.co/ITiDQOj1 (cont) Miami. in @Doral of acquisition new my about excited very am I world the across properties own I While
http://t.co/sfGfJPJi you! it's hope I someone- for dinner great a out working are I and .@MittRomney
transparency. on ran he President--ever--and transparent least the is He records? his hide and try to millions spending @BarackObama is Why
#wolfblitzercnn ambush! an for went he but Wolf like I debate. our in Blitzer Wolf killed I in. are results The
Help! U.S. the killing is manipulation currency ADVANCED AND new China's
Donald. you Thank evening. the won @nbc--NBC for hit ratings big a was #MissUSA Pageant USA Miss The
@piersmorgan friends. his to loyal is He (CNN). Show Morgan Piers the on him to am I as me to nice very was .@BillClinton
http://t.co/NPsNOsue (cont) of defense in @BillClinton attacking he's Now anything? about right ever @politicoroger Simon Roger Is
in! Tune EST. 7PM at tonight @QVC on .@melaniatrump
http://t.co/2c3kW42h (cont) he though even them help to up showed never @BarackObama Democrats. Wisconsin to disloyal very was Obama
going. Great guy. tough and smart A victory. great Wisconsin--a of @ScottKWalker to Congratulations
http://t.co/IhR83UxW (cont) causing is ObamaCare Now plan." your keep can you plan your like you "if promised who @BarackObama was It
WWI.http://bit.ly/Mvg74D since level lowest the ships 230 to down fleet US the cut to wants @BarackObama friend best China's
Ford Henry -- one." bad a with saturated quickly very is it but product good a with saturated never is market "A
http://t.co/y9zraGZt cuts in $487B over with military our out hollowing is he projects domestic on recklessly spends @BarackObama While
http://t.co/X56yengT Hispanics 'insult' would pick VP @marcorubio a that said he - @davidaxelrod by statement foolish a What
results. gets who Governor A well-earned. be will tonight victory @ScottKWalker's election. recall Wisconsin the following been all have We
http://t.co/z3kDVQBn look- a for video the Watch occasions. all for events special hold to location breathtaking a is Estates Vineyard Trump
http://t.co/aNt78s4h (cont) Founder fortune. a losing be mojo--must no with newspaper Boring @USATODAY. to subscription my cancelled Just
http://t.co/nR0W01sg interview. @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/fhAL7I49 (cont) in numbers bigger even doing start they how watch http://t.co/w0QJcGBg slowing is economy own China's that Now
way. that out worked not It's succeed. to @BarackObama wanted all We sad. is it ways some In
http://t.co/GOkfL9sQ office took he when from unemployed are women more 766000 @BarackObama Under women. on war real The
http://t.co/PAOcLPbh leaders. our of incompetence the to due 80 to pushed be will ages Retirement careful. be reality-- new the to Welcome
#Israel http://t.co/Z4m84gW2 Tower Trump in Friday past this @DannyDanon Knesset The of Speaker Deputy Likud with meeting wonderful a had I
http://t.co/sF4a0ZFQ stimulus Obama the of waste the &amp; numbers job the Culpo Olivia #MissUSA discussing interview @foxandfriends My
job. amazing an did She contest. USA Miss the winning on Island Rhode Miss to Congratulations
Tournier --Paul can." they think who those are win who those later or "Sooner
in! Tune am 7:30 at tomorrow @SquawkCNBC TUESDAY TRUMP
http://t.co/5HzwnSvM 2012- #MissUSA for #CallMeMaybe Jepsen's Rae Carly for video the in appearing fun had I
EST! 9PM at @NBC on tonight live 2012 #MissUSA Watch
http://t.co/bSMvSBui @GiulianaRancic- and @BravoAndy contestants @MissUSA the featuring video #CallMeMaybe the doing time fun a had I
http://t.co/ZOiVZGEQ ET. 9PM at @NBC on tonight live Watch pageant. 2012 @MissUSA the for Vegas Las in am I
NBC. ET 9PM at tomorrow 2012 @MissUSA http://t.co/cYgENvsB City- York New in Tower Trump of outside standing contestants 2012 @MissUSA The
numbers. employment bad day- horrendous a having is market stock The
http://t.co/ITd5hSBd (cont) Dinner. Correspondents' House White year's last at time" "bad a had I that report falsely reporters all Almost
Tournier --Paul can." they think who those are win who those later or "Sooner
http://t.co/E3tR9S8r rebate! tax a get should I me. of off fundraising is campaign @BarackObama the Now
http://t.co/acb1EiXg created job per $4.1M ridicuous a and $831B cost stimulus @BarackObama's that estimates now CBO The Waste!
campaign. @MittRomney the by outmaneuvered Completely yesterday! Boston in speak to @davidaxelrod by move foolish a What
http://t.co/h2xe7VHT term 2nd his in healthcare 'revisit' to need will he donors telling is @BarackObama Now
career." business sterling a had "@MittRomney 5.31.12: Clinton Bill Pres.
Vegas Las in Casino &amp; Resort Hollywood Planet from coming competition USA Miss 2012 the for ET 9pm at NBC to 3 June Sunday in Tune
recovery. Obama great The horrendous. are numbers jobless May what? for debt the to $6T over adding and spending deficit annual in $1T Over
http://t.co/DwlYZcKV campaign 2012 the and Barron son linemy jewelry beautiful her discussing @foxandfriends on interview @melaniatrump's
http://t.co/ywtHq4DU City- York New in Tower Trump at me with picture a for pose contestants 2012 @MissUSA The
stupid? we Are overruns. cost in million $300 billion. $1.8 for China in made California in Bridge Bay
fun. be will party- Republican the for keynote Making Carolina. North in tonight you See
http://t.co/ckRwPXLB story- nice very a for @nydailynews the to you Thank
down. way is market stock the reported- been just has news bad very other some and today risen has Unemployment
in. tune to sure AM...be 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/FEQvzsRZ (cont) but knowledge of lack a not strength of lack a not is others and person successful a between difference "The
recovery? Obama the is This Aprilhttp://t.co/mdCXy9VJ from May in 53% jumped cuts job US
http://t.co/P6cwj6Dp Barrett Tom of endorsement the disown to trying is @BarackObama recall the win to going is @GovWalker Since Pathetic!
trouble. deep in is economy The http://t.co/tX9ij8KQ 1.9% to down revised been just has GDP Q1
booklet? publisher 1991 the review or write fully not did @BarackObama that believe anyone Does
ineptitude? @BarackObama's defend to trying errand fool's a on is he realize @davidaxelrod will When
http://t.co/sfGfJPJi Mitt and Donald The with Dine
#GOP dinner. the at speaker keynote the be will I where Friday this GOP Carolina North the at everyone meeting to forward Looking
http://t.co/OSVJxn1A (cont) world" the in company oil any by expansion largest "the is which deal a struck recently Arabia Saudi and China
Marden Swett place.'"--Orison customer's your in yourself 'Put this: is businessman every for rule golden "The
http://t.co/16WTPCHy crisis Euro the of result a as drop to beginning are prices Commodity
http://t.co/b85y89lz (cont) Where http://t.co/OMpv8F10 'controversy' evokes certificate birth @MittRomney's that claims @ReutersPolitics So
POTUS. tremendous a be and @BarackObama defeat will He nomination. the clinched he night the @MittRomney with be to honor an was It
record? boss's their at looked they Have charlatan. a me call would campaign @BarackObama's that ironic How
success. tremendous a was night last fundraiser @MittRomney The
http://t.co/B9h5IveG (cont) for down turned was wife his because is it Maybe primary. the throughout @MittRomney of critical was Will George
http://t.co/iLOtZA6z (cont) win. to going was he December...said in nomination GOP the for @JonHuntsman for pushing was Will George
http://t.co/uTkqPOQv (cont) John bet I'll respectful. &amp; nice being McCain John of video web a highlighting keeps campaign @BarackObama The
http://t.co/PXMkCoCW (cont) the of state the and Vegas Las Hotel Int'l Trump in fundraiser @MittRomney my discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/PQwR5XUh ratings low has @CNN why and certificate' 'birth @BarackObama's discuss I where @wolfblitzercnn with interview @CNN My
http://t.co/loar8BD6 deficit budget 2011 real @BarackObama's cover to government the to GDP its all pay to had have would Scary--America
cheat! to loves China http://t.co/kr5OVY5Q soldiers US rogue through weapons military our smuggling are agents Chinese Now
http://t.co/MnEU4dAP (cont) buy go mattress a for looking are you If @SertaMattresses. by Mattress Home Trump the about raving is Everybody
http://t.co/nIsSypv9 (cont) made was statement This Hawaii." and Indonesia in raised and Kenya in born "was @BarackObama words own his In
jobs! more far fact @BarackObama...in than jobs more created both have I and @limbaugh right. is Rush
http://t.co/tqhszz5n me? and @MittRomney with dinner than better be could What
application. the in birth of place his listed he how see to records college @BarackObama's see to want I
http://t.co/xvUVZjoM (cont) it's and politicians Republican about things untrue horrible say can @Cher as such celebrities how amazing It's
good. too feeling be can't @BarackObama--he by dog a like dumped was Wright Reverend
country. the unite to failed he is President as shortcoming biggest @BarackObama's Perhaps
different. much be to going is result the &amp; happen to going not @SenJohnMcCain--it's like nice play to @MittRomney expects @BarackObama Pres
Aristotle achieve." to him for possible is it highest the is individual each for choice best the is what "For
it. of more any making not is God finite. is It land. is own to commodity greatest The
http://t.co/kXrifY31 executives Bain from donations return won't but Capital Bain at career @MittRomney's attack will @BarackObama So
debt. loves He http://t.co/Lc7Qn9ei term his during 24% over by outlays budget federal total increased has @BarackObama Unsustainable-
interest. @Israel's against goes always He http://t.co/iAOgMPI1 refugees Palestinian million 5 are there decided has @BarackObama Now
$6T. added already has @BarackObama unpatriotic.http://bit.ly/pEd2Ww was debt the to $4T adding Bush that said @BarackObama '08 In
friends. other many and @newtgingrich seeing to forward Looking fundraiser. a for today @MittRomney hosting about excited very am I
rate. third strictly are They themselves. for publicity get to me use @Rosie and Will George as such Losers
http://t.co/eHvjlV0S (cont) and it of afraid is he movement birth of place the disavow to @MittRomney begging practically is .@BarackObama
lose. will they him to listen Republicans the If time. all of commentator political overrated) most dumbest(and the be may Will George
Churchill Winston -- difference." big a makes that thing little a is "Attitude
rallyhttp://bit.ly/LqIha7 Park Hyde a in revolutionary a as dressed he 'teabaggers' Party Tea the called @BarackObama before Long HYPOCRITE!
Mitt:http://t.co/sfGfJPJi and Donald The With Dine
movie! the loved We http://t.co/I66Z4pI2 City York New in premiere III Black In Men the from me and @melaniatrump of Pictures
excessive. Seems Government?http://t.co/MeMEVEST the by homeland our over released being drones armed are Why
@BarackObama Obama. President Thanks Israel. against strongly very be soon will They was. it what of opposite exact the going is Egypt
http://t.co/kVgkaCuO @BarackObama against campaign a running and @MittRomney resources gas US OPEC discussing interview @Newsmax_Media My
Emerson Waldo Ralph trail." a leave and path no is there where instead go lead may path the where go not "Do
Congrats! Black." in "Men in terrific was mine of friend a Brolin Josh
@Cadillac team--congratulations! management Great cars. their of quality and beauty the in strides amazing made has Cadillac
@Followlolo great. is married--she gets she until virgin a remain to wants athlete Olympic beautiful our Jones Lolo
one. close another be should game Tonight's be! to out turning is @NHLDevils @nyrangers the series a What
repealed! be must It http://t.co/BYFRxtzJ debt the to cost bigger even an creating 95% over by underperforming is credit tax ObamaCare's
http://t.co/9ypDUY7v Spectator Columbia the to according "quality" in "declined" Columbia to class transfer 1981 Interesting.@BarackObama's
@melaniatrump! Twitter to Welcome
http://t.co/B3UEvZFy (cont) doesn't @BarackObama organizer community The succeed. to chance a only success guarantee doesn't Capitalism
POTUS. great a be will @MittRomney reason one is equity and entrepreneurship private in Bain of success storied The
http://t.co/DnIZD13r CBO the to according recession" a into back us throw "to going are 2013 for set hikes tax @BarackObama The Disaster!
Ford Henry -- goals." our off eyes our take we when visible become that things frightening those are "Obstacles
http://t.co/enWZOtf2 campaign 2012 the and interview Klein Ed Wright's Rev. discussing interview @piersmorgan night's last from bite A
http://t.co/xLLHI3ni campaign a in fire with fire fighting and @CoryBooker discussing interview @piersmorgan night's last from segment A
http://t.co/VOu2MZm1 regulations environmental from estimates loss job fix to contractors pressuring is administration @BarackObama The
@PiersTonight in. tune to sure Be CNN. on pm 9 evening this Tonight Morgan Piers on be I'll
http://t.co/HXsveYBa (cont) see we can When student. foreign a as Harvard or Columbia Occidental to applied ever @BarackObama if wonder I
http://t.co/F9KCD01E (cont) everything use to going is @BarackObama as @BarackObama--just against everything use should Republicans The
out. us selling he that knows @BarackObama believe don't I Treasury. to directly going by debt US buy to preference given now is China
@Sacha_B_Cohen talentless. is He office. box the at good too not but dud a only not is movie new Cohen's Baron Sacha that see to Glad
watch. would everyone speech a That's Tampa?http://t.co/SDZUsknQ in Convention RNC the at speaking me imagine you Hmmm...can
@BarackObama. defeat can we nominee the as @MittRomney With http://t.co/UuoXEU8V Republican. registered a am I
http://t.co/QRJymuz0 @BarackObama against campaign tough a running and stock Facebook own don't I why discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
it. on be to wants everyone know- us Let #CelebrityApprentice? of season next on see to like you would Who
http://t.co/f1pTaR0C reporter- the with situation the handled Smith Will well how about talk I #trumpvlog today's In
@DanRatherReport Walter. with agree Rather--I Dan stand couldn't He greats. time all the of one Cronkite Walter loved I
http://t.co/iukNzpaC (cont) the of president African-American first "the about book a promoted 1991) (in agent literary Obama's President
cut? my where's star--- another created I hits--- million 57 has now Trump" "Donald song @MacMiller's Rapper
republicans. the for commercial great a be would It into? looked being this isn't Why liar. a tape on @BarackObama called Wright Rev.
economy! healthy a have to expect and enterprise free attack cannot you @BarackObama Pesident Mr.
http://t.co/tvUKqx9O (cont) event. carpet red a at lips the on him kissed who "reporter" guy the smacking by job great a did Smith Will
ceiling--SCARY! debt the raise to wants he now and @BarackObama under debt in $6T over gained and rating AAA its lost has America
guy. fantastic a Also hitting. clutch and 400 over having--batting is he season great a What #Mets. the of @DavidWright to Congratulations
drugs. without player same the not is He contract. @AROD's re-negotiate must @Yankees The
NBC. on ET 9PM at Finale Season live tonight- out Find http://t.co/1IjFi52y win? will Who #CelebrityApprentice
switch. to going I'm think I disaster. a are They days. plus 2 for Avenue 5th on out went Cable Warner Time
convenient. Pretty http://t.co/7Es4VubI 'mistake' a was booklet 1991 the claims agent literary Sure--@BarackObama's
http://t.co/vfqJesJL Kenya." in "born being as 2003 in described was @BarackObama certificate. birth that at look closer a take Let's
http://t.co/sYk3t3Eb learn? ever he Will activities?' change 'climate on Billion $70 over wasting @BarackObama is Why Reckless!
pre-nup. a Zuckerberg--get Mark And invest. you if careful much--be that worth be could @Facebook that believe to hard Seems
@TheDonnaSummer missed. be will and great was times--she many me for performed Summer Donna
http://t.co/iVtmq6xX (cont) for news Bad do. to thing easy an April--not for fundraising in President sitting matches Romney Mitt
leadership. That's dramatically. down is NYC in crime violent all Kelly @Ray Commissioner Police and @MikeBloomberg Mayor Under
Forbes --Malcolm insight." is vision best "The
records? college and school high @BarackObama's are Where me. to job hit a is @MittRomney by incidents school high alleged on attack WaPo
@RealMarkZuck http://t.co/2hYRxRyi pre-nup! a Get advice? My guy. brilliant a clearly is Zuckerberg Mark @Facebook's
http://t.co/pxFdRaxs @MittRomney on attacks inappropriate @Cher's singer to comes it when @FOX on @Gretawire told I what Here's
Franklin luck."--Benjamin good of mother the is "Diligence
http://t.co/aYUkRiKy bankers equity private from $2M raises @BarackObama experience equity private @MittRomney's attacking While SHOCK!
http://t.co/X45YRQNE month this Chicago in summit NATO to invited being not is @Israel watch @BarackObama's Under Wrong!
keeping. worth is CEO good a that understand holders stock Morgan JP The vote. shareholder yesterday's passed Dimon Jamie that see to Glad
http://t.co/nyHZlcvX yesterday- visited @ClayAiken- and @ArsenioOFFICIAL two- final The
http://t.co/UU29ZNyd grown. rapidly has program nuclear Iranian the @BarackObama Under
banks. or countries European the of any out bail not should We
Ridiculous. http://t.co/9KrxSpZp bonus $63K a with $242K over made employee Agriculture of Dept a - growing keeps debt nation's the Why
Mitt! him to it Take http://t.co/7FiDpMSh change economic need who unemployed Million" 23 the of Few "A showing @MittRomney from ad great A
issue. the gaming is He http://t.co/FcxsbAty marriage? gay supports he if Act Marriage of Defense the repeal @BarackObama won't Why
grow. to it for Look http://t.co/qXrSI6rH economy the on @BarackObama over advantage point 12 a has @MittRomney @RasmussenPoll to According
character. great a &amp; guy great a is Rush Missourians." Famous of "Hall the to named being on @limbaugh friend my to Congratulations
http://t.co/1CxrxsiK prenuptial Zuckerberg's Mark and regulations banking Dimon Jamie discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/RwVXex4e @Rosie &amp; @Cher and response @MittRomney's ad political misleading @BarackObama's discussing interview @gretawire My
billion. 9 with away walk can she Otherwise wife. be to soon perhaps girlfriend- current his with prenup a signs Zuckerberg Mark hope I
Ford --Henry remedy." a Find fault. find "Don't
http://t.co/A5fGcL6m schools public in debacle his implement to trying is @BarackObama ObamaCare down strike will USC the that Worired
to? come we have country--what sad sad Our it? is Where disappeared. Army Iraqi for designated million $500 than More
@MittRomney done. Well DeMoss. Mark by introduction wonderful a with University Liberty at weekend this speech masterful a gave Romney Mitt
aggressive Very http://t.co/zOZKQvPY Philippines the is latest the us with pacts defense share who allies our threatening is China Now
this. over all be will media the sure am I http://t.co/wLn2pV1q $150K? with Wright Rev. bribe to try @BarackObama Did
follower." a and leader a between distinguishes "Innovation Jobs: Steve late the from quote Great
http://t.co/xaPBfxlm (cont) for enough isn't billion 3.8 guess I taxes. save to order in citizenship U.S. his up gives billionaire Facebook
http://t.co/8DUw3buf U.S. the on commentary sad another Just growth. its for China to looking is neighbor our Canada rich resource Very
@TIME noticed. get to did TIME what disgusting--sad is feeding breast age late showing cover Magazine TIME The
@HowardStern is. talent what gets really and smart very He's @America'sGotTalent. on job great a do will Stern Howard
http://t.co/2CP8oCFD (cont) I office. for running people good about statements nasty and surgery plastic bad the with stop should @Cher
P? Andy for rooting is Who nice! Not trial. ridiculous a in @RogerClemens friend best his out ratted @AndyPettitte
boot. to energy unreliable inefficient have country--and the of parts of beauty the ruining are turbines wind industrial Ugly
eagles. bald of killing "programmatic" the causes which government US the by permits provided are farms Wind Terrible.
http://t.co/qPjiA1mR @gallupnews to according economy the handling on @BarackObama over edge the @MittRomney give Voters news. Good
transcripts? school law and college @BarackObama's find it can't why then years dorm @MittRomney's from stories report can press the If
doing?! we are Asia--what to Cincinnati from headquarters beauty its relocating is Gamble and Procter
http://t.co/eYFLfBkL (cont) unemployment real then @BarackObama under shrink didn't forces labor the If terrible. is report jobs April The
jobs. create to forgetting is he why that's Maybe http://t.co/6Zbad1Vr recession the "forgets" he that says @BarackObama - memory Selective
http://t.co/y6Qsh1uv season! a What finale. terrific a for up winding NBC--we're on pm 9 at Sunday on Apprentice Celebrity Watch
time. great a Always a.m. 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/Nruh9YtE (cont) They http://t.co/27pgt7EF operate. even don't that farms wind on million £24 wasting are taxpayers UK the In
marriage. gay on flopped flip never has @MittRomney flopper? flip the Who's
http://t.co/XFG4EROU (cont) being is sector manufacturing US The http://t.co/FIi49Rcn rates record at rise to continues deficit trade Our
http://t.co/oaM3aYN6 (cont) just was He @MittRomney. to nasty so be to mean didn't guy wonderful a &amp; mine of friend a Barclay @Charles
Israel. of State Jewish the for success political major A government. unity new his forming on @netanyahu @IsraeliPM to Congratulations
out. us selling is government US The http://t.co/i1C02ub2 banks US buy China letting now is @BarackObama reality. new the to Welcome
loser! total a O'Donnell @Rosie Like reality. with touch of out is who talent average an is She @MittRomney. attacked .@Cher
support. our of all needs @MittRomney race. close a show numbers polling The
Catholics. abuse policies Her ceremony. graduation the for @KathleenSebelius host not should Georgetown
oil. of price the lower to OPEC pressure to need really We high. too still are prices Gas
stupid.@JoeBiden something say to opportunity an wastes never He http://t.co/T1cPLiZn Iran vis a vis Problem" "the America called Biden Joe
http://t.co/t8vXrOYz election the and BarkleyFrance Charles China numbers unemployment economy the discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/AiV3QMch Facebook and economy fledgling the taxes Georgia of Republic the discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
tenacious. be to pays It Einstein. Albert from words good Some longer." problems with stay I that just it's smart so I'm that not "It's
http://t.co/9UJZB8nA (cont) an He's 1. Dec. on Africa South Sandton in Show Investment The at Address Keynote the giving be will Don son My
http://t.co/2M1jSV0W episode- week's this in four final the interviewed @MarleeMatlin and @JohnRich winner #CelebrityApprentice 2011
#MidasTouch reality." profitable a into vision their turn and future the see to focus... of power the plus vision have must "Entrepreneurs
@theRealKiyosaki @MidasTouch experience." sharing a essentially is books venture...writing small a books writing consider don't "I
1-800-868-3401 person). good a (&amp; #DWTS Stars the with Dancing on job great a doing She's tonight! derekhough#01 &amp; @mariamenounos 4 VOTE
http://t.co/psCtMgTM V.P.....really!
far. too get won't you or doing you're what love to have You Passion. success? for ingredient primary the What's
Ford. Henry by quote Great do." to doing you're what on reputation a build can't "You
http://t.co/WwyMRksQ gain. your for advantage take to time the is Now low. are mortgages dropping are prices Home market. buyer's a Still
China. in him abandon to tragedy a be would It US. the to comes Chen sure make to administration @BarackObama's on pressure the keep must We
http://t.co/clTDHlZ8 peace. of pledges for exchange in insurgents level high releasing is @BarackObama mess! a is Afghanistan wonder No
http://t.co/SMt5i3Jp today- earlier @Teresa_Giudice and @LisaLampanelli with interviews press doing time great a had I
November. in @MittRomney elect to need We dip. double possible a predicting even are Some standstill. a at is economy Our
recover. fully to economy their for order in austerity embrace to have Europeans The disappointing. very is France in result election The
http://t.co/Uw7Pe5OQ competitor. great a and sportsman true a is He 2013. in comeback a make to going is Rivera Mariano hear to Glad
NYC? in them tried @BarackObama if be would it worse much how imagine you Can disaster. a were weekend the over Gitmo at trials 9/11 The
http://t.co/AK7DjjmS Gala! Met the at wearing be will wife beautiful my what out find to tonight ET Watch
http://t.co/rYX1QAaB @CelebApprentice and numbers job the @MittRomney Gitmo at Trials 9/11 the discussing interview @foxandfriends My
#TheArtofTheDeal confrontation." is choice only the when times are there positive the emphasize to pays it as "Much
http://t.co/JXUofag8 (cont) a have I and it in live I it in work I deal. good another just than more much became Tower Trump "Ultimately
it! miss don't AM 7:30 @squawkboxCNBC on #TrumpTuesday is Tomorrow
9/8c. Sunday every @ApprenticeNBC watching Keep #SweepsTweet. #NBC ever first the to close a bringing done is here work my like Looks
#sweepstweet point. late this at losers no are there But player. strong a She’s surprise. a as come have may @lisalampanelli Firing
#sweepstweet 4. Final the into insight another adds @marleematlin and @johnrich from advice the to Listening #CelebrityApprentice
http://t.co/KjrV13fV (cont) instincts My involved. people and situation the of ‘take’ own my on rely much very I @3nVMusic #sweepstweet
@arsenioofficial. for same the Not hairdryer. digital Touch Chi the of out use some get might @clayaiken #SweepsTweet
#sweepstweet company… and @JohnRich by raised money of amount huge the Remember
http://t.co/L7NuAMWi (cont) raised. money the and charities the on be will @marleematlin and @johnrich by emphasis the feeling a have I
#sweepstweet star. a become He’s @marleematlin. with too back Jack have to good It’s #CelebrityApprentice
back! they’re #CelebrityApprentice—and on were @marleematlin and @johnrich #sweepstweet
person wonderful a she’s but team- her as well as client the of observance—that of power the underestimate to seems Teresa #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet intense? more be anything Boardrooms—can #CelebrityApprentice
tool. business important skills—an negotiation @lisalampanelli's under fell definitely @teresa_giudice #sweepstweet
gift. nice a that’s and charity her for $100000 wins @lisalampanelli #sweepstweet
from? that got they where wonder I surveillance- total for ears and eyes the have @EricTrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet happen. to going that’s way No invisible”? be to “trying @arsenioofficial #CelebrityApprentice
#sweepstweet prerequisite. definite a is placement Product
#sweepstweet please. to Chi and Magazine Elle both got They’ve react? client the will How
#sweepstweet warranted? be it will confidence—but self of lot a has Aubrey
#sweepstweet happens what see let’s But formidable. be can @lisalampanelli Manager. Project as @teresa_giudice about sure not I’m
#sweepstweet have. didn’t they model red-headed the be to Aubrey by move Good
#sweepstweet negotiation in lessons some needs @teresa_giudice that me to clear It’s
#sweepstweet good. be could @lisalampanelli—this with red-heads over fight a be Could
@NBC ET PM 9 #CelebrityApprentice tonight's during tweeting live be will I
EST! 9PM at Sunday this @NBC on in tune to sure Development...Be Big you! shock will @CelebApprentice Sunday's This
break! a me Give warming. global it's Now happened. never cooling--it global about worried were people 1920's the In
http://t.co/icVj8CTJ (cont) national a is warming global http://t.co/7SRYZNQ1but over is Terror on War the @BarackObama to According
around. economy the turn can @MittRomney November. this choice one is there that clear is it numbers job struggling today's With
http://t.co/7SRYZNQ1 64.3% of low year 30 NEW a at is rate participation force labor recovery--the @BarackObama the to Welcome
http://t.co/7SRYZNQ1 88419000. to force labor the of out are people more 522000 terrible. are numbers unemployment new The
fast. well Get ever. greatest the is pitcher Yankee Rivera Mariano
@DerekJeter guy. great a also winner--and total a is He baseball. phenomenal playing is Jeter Derek
AM... 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/8YLpnNvy Open- Women's U.S. 2017 the host will Bedminster Club Golf National Trump that announcement USGA yesterday's from Photo
advantage. tremendous a at be can we drop to continuing gas natural of price With independence. energy American to lead will Fracking
night! last game Great @washcaps. the over lead 2-1 a taking on @thenyrangers the to Congratulations
joke. a What years. 3 over in one passed haven't Democrats The budget. a of off work actually we until spending cut never will We
us. for episode sad a is This http://t.co/1BZtYueX Guangcheng Chen over negotiations in "cooperation" China's praising is @BarackObama Now
jobs. cost and growth slow to continues ObamaCare http://t.co/5RjNvrxO months 5 in highest the is claims jobless of average rolling The
http://t.co/8Fv3cJT2 (cont) is Age Industrial the of economy old The economy. same the be not will it but back come will economy "The
number our has really China http://t.co/UjH2fKV0 Embassy US the of out Guangcheng Chen releasing by China to capitulated WRONG!@BarackObama
week....http://t.co/1dxKg2kc this visit to by stopped @Shaun_White Snowboarder/Skateboarder
transcripts?http://t.co/Mzg1l6qo school law and college his release @BarackObama will When
http://t.co/uuUXXPtn prostitutes than bigger much are problems Service Secret that @washingtonpost in explains Kessler Ronald friend My
sector. manufacturing US the eroding is China http://t.co/YtC2mTRE years 3 in decline biggest record March in goods factory U.S. for Orders
October. last Tower Trump in scenes filmed movie The http://t.co/C1ZY0tP2 great is Trailer Rises Knight Dark new The
http://t.co/kaaA4m05 America" in Innovation "Defending "DailyCaller: the in @DonaldJTrumpJr by Editorial
http://t.co/Le6O3n4b @MittRomney of endorsement my and #WHCD @BarackObama's discussing @NYDNGatecrasher with interview My
http://t.co/XyzZFCP0 (cont) and budget defense actual their underreport significantly they underhanded and sneaky is leadership "China's
http://t.co/SmgUDVmG (cont) military America's erode will cuts proposed your that you tells defense of secretary your when deal: the "Here's
future. fiscal term long our for curbed be must Spending challenge. greatest country's our is crisis debt America's
Hamas. to going is money That http://t.co/ZGf87eCQ Palestinians the to aid in $147M released move-@BarackObama Bad
EPA the in endemic is attitude his but Good- http://t.co/7V5KiE1c resigned companies gas crucify to wants who official EPA The
corporation. his run to "fit" certainly is and empire tremendous a built has CEO.He class world a and businessman superb a is @rupertmurdoch
http://t.co/KPzXEn9E death Laden's Bin using @BarackObama &amp; property Scotland my #WHCD @BarackObama's discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/02GXcV9D (cont) &amp; Georgia of Republic rates tax lowering #WHCD @BarackObama's discussing interview @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/hGSyF1yi (cont) is America in poverty childhood of two-thirds Yet kids. are poverty American of bystanders innocent "The
http://t.co/tTKxpAnc (cont) freedom economic freedom life--religious in good nothing that understood They it. got fathers Founding "Our
http://t.co/BP0IPDxq Square Herald @Macys #Success fragrance new my of launch official the of video great a Here’s
http://t.co/ER9gG6qJ (cont) is @BarackObama http://t.co/X2Zd05DP combined? 5 previous the than fundraisers more held has POTUS which Guess
America! in Only http://t.co/8R0Q3Dv7 debt in $16T running is it while Literacy' 'Financial citizens teaching is Government Federal The
debt Chinese our from cost the offset should We http://t.co/eLizmW37 design Fighter Strike Joint F-35 our stole spies Chinese
@BarackObama mentioned. be to flattered am I Trump--and of mention excellent--cute was night Saturday on delivery Obama's Barack
@GMA for success guaranteed almost means @todayshow--that the for working is @Rosie thrilled is America Morning Good
himself. for money the of much stole he out turns it but "rat" a he is only worse--not is @andrewyoung but bad is @johnedwards He
help for office my called mother Lindsay's Lindsay. than problems bigger has alone--@Rosie Lohan Lindsay leave should O'Donnell Rosie
trade.http://bit.ly/JpSxkA fair and trial Edwards John the Laden Bin killing economy the fixing discuss I where interview @gretawire My
interesting. Always EST. AM 7:30 @squawkCNBC on #TrumpTuesday is Tomorrow
http://t.co/V6IbtmWH @ximenanr with Square Herald @Macy's at appearance my from photo a Here’s #SuccessByTrump
outcry? the Where's http://t.co/gs0KKvlK birds of migration the threaten turbines Wind
recovery? @BarackObama the Where's http://t.co/YGgShXLS high month 3 a at are unemployment for Claims
money. spend to love They http://t.co/W6kIpd5x $476K over taxpayers cost vacation Spain Obama's The
http://t.co/4oo7kCkG (cont) touch we things turn to ability the Touch Midas the us gives what share we together second our book this "In
http://t.co/dRahWWXr (cont) Sunday's This EST! 9PM at @nbc on Sunday this #CelebApprentice of episode amazing another to in tune to sure Be
gas. of price the lower sure will That http://t.co/oDp4BIdE companies" oil crucify to is "philosophy their that saying caught is EPA The
directions. vague gave @BarackObama http://t.co/ccoFmRm9 mission Laden Bin the of control operational full had McRaven Admiral
http://t.co/Ns9U0zgk (cont) need We 'insourcing?' or 'onshoring' about talking we aren't Why outsourcing. about reading always of sick "I'm
@johnedwards things. important more on focus to gov't the for time is it but Edwards John of fan a been never have I
http://t.co/jCpBE1CR election? the after until Cuts Medicare Obamacare's postpone to $8B spending now is @BarackObama why wonder I
http://t.co/MAfHhRUp 10th. July Opens world. the in course golf greatest the be will what on Standing
lowered. be to has gas of price The http://t.co/OsoP36e9 year the of end the at again once down slow to expected is economy The
property. buy to time the is Now http://t.co/ZxzpJQnT March. in 7.1% fall sales home Residential market. buyer's a Still
won? think he does Who http://t.co/de0ax99Y over is Terror on War the that believes @BarackObama He
http://t.co/AkPU4De6 Speech' 'Killer a delivered also He sweep. night's Tuesday on @MittRomney to Congratulations
http://t.co/vcvETg5z (cont) is China year. every means That China. with deficit trade billion $300 massive a running are we now "Right
http://t.co/VjwvpoYk (cont) get to need we means that oil--and on runs planet the future foreseeable the for and now right is fact "The
resources. vast our through independent energy become must We http://t.co/QOF0Vzoa oil of price the raise to continues China by Demand
@BarackObama out voting by is it do to way best The http://t.co/VDMWOsuw overturned Obamacare want Independents of Majority
night. last home series the bringing on @NYRangers the to Congratulations
court.http://bit.ly/HNTQaT in irrelevant is certificate birth form long his that argues @BarackObama America? in Made
spending. deficit his with control of out is @BarackObama http://t.co/AEq8jijt admits it than more 30% spends Government The
http://t.co/hVsM4ja5 (cont) doesn't he if and IQ 170 a has and A's straight gets who one the Wharton at kid smartest the take can "You
soon. very York New in family the to back coming to forward Looking is. heart the where is home but Europe across travels my enjoying am I
#TheArtofTheDeal me." for work good done who've people to loyal "I'm
initiative?!?! diplomatic @BarackObama's http://t.co/XnqlTfHY Conference Street Wall Occupy an for Tehran in were professors American
Mandarin. in it say didn't he surprised am I http://t.co/DA3dhBYd Sunday on China for up stood and GOP the trashed just @JonHuntsman
@BarackObama for defeat major A http://t.co/06fs6g5y week this House the in pipeline Keystone the of favor in voted Democrats 69
http://t.co/11JvyUIS (cont) in Norman Lake on Club Golf and Lake Point The magnificent the of purchase the for chosen been have to Lucky
http://t.co/NujHgnXU (cont) http://t.co/2G8YrOUZ health people's for bad are they worse even but looking disgusting farms wind are only Not
#TheArtofTheDeal genes." the in It's with. born you're ability an is deal-making think I else anything than "More
http://t.co/QsylYhtU Scotland" in mission renewables begins "Trump @BBCNews Via
http://t.co/5QsSibS9 project" project tower for Georgia ex-Soviet into flies "Trump @Reuters_Biz Via
opened--magnificent! just was #TrumpTowers where yesterday Turkey Istanbul left Just
http://t.co/zttOgaAU course golf greatest world's the perhaps of opening 10th July the for preparing Scotland Aberdeen in I'm Today
http://t.co/VO8U2GPI ceremony.. cutting ribbon the of video a is here and beautiful it's @TrumpToronto- opened Recently
work. to back people get can @MittRomney
amazing. be will It @NBC. ET 9PM at tonight in tune to sure Be impress. to continue will #CelebrityApprentice Tonight’s
http://t.co/ZCwXd672 Square Times in Countdown Day 100 Olympics the from @parademagazine with interview My
top. the at starts Leadership http://t.co/MPXceBLa scandals. by plagued be continually will @BarackObama as such manager bad A
hit. big a #TrumpTowers--- magnificent opened Just IstanbulTurkey. in am I
http://t.co/vUjo8hVy money? my Where's @MacMiller- views. million 54 hits Trump" "Donald song The #trumpvlog
missed. be will He him. loved Everybody Street. 61st East on buildings my of one in lived he mine of friend a was Clark Dick
http://t.co/uQKNoHhv (cont) promising Now term. 1st his of yr 1st his in reform immigration promised @BarackObama 2008 In fooled. be Don't
http://t.co/IWowez4V Clark..... Dick and Service Secret the @RepWeiner #trumpvlog today's In
http://t.co/dh1X1npO combined. 42 first the and POTUS other any than more debt the increased now has @BarackObama RECKLESS!
http://t.co/t6RqfTAJ (cont) @BarackObama that interesting is it But http://t.co/x8ph87ZN jobs about is election right--this is @MittRomney
@BarackObama. towards have people anger the shows just It was. it as unfortunate speech of figure a using obviously was Nugent Ted
job. masterful a doing is Rick impressive. Very http://t.co/991E4KR5 projects indiv in $140M cut which budget $70B a signed @FLGovScott
http://t.co/21EMSLMS (cont) illustrious the by state the in building Historic top awarded was Mar-a-Lago that announce to proud Very
@BarackObama. defeat can he confident am I @BarackObama. against aggressively campaign will he that week last shown has @MittRomney
http://t.co/OxTK1ivm (cont) again. rich and strong become us see to desire my or it in pride my country this for apologies no make "I
missed. be will who legend TV true A http://t.co/eSLb5tYc Clark. Dick friend longtime my of passing the discussing interview @fox8news My
bust. a was Festival Film Tribeca at party Fair Vanity
speak). to (so revealed was he goodness Thank him. met I time first the sleazebag a was @REPWEINER star porn unwanted and disgusting knew I
rating. 18-49 in margin 53% a by hour 10PM the won It 10-11PM. from demos key all in NBC and CBS ABC among #1 ranked #CelebrityApprentice
REPEAL! http://t.co/cZc9SRS6 inflation through ObamaCare under taxes record with hit be will class middle the design @BarackObama's By
job. new a for looking start should stalker rate third My percent. 20 down circulation Fair Vanity
http://t.co/qrQuVn1p (cont) they If President. our for respect of lack great a revealed openly has catastrophe Service Secret Obama's
lawyer. than agent PR better a far by is She publicity. needs She me. about talking always is Allred Gloria
brewing. is catastrophe Another http://t.co/41wJOjGu 2007 in 43% from economy of 56% control now banks major 5 @BarackObama Under
redistribute. to taxes our collects year--he the of day favorite @BarackObama's was Yesterday
China. to gas send to Canada forcing is BHO http://t.co/zyMZkpM9 policies anti-gas radical @BarackObama's by 'frustrated' is Canada ally Our
http://t.co/6sU5Hcts (cont) weekend. the over #PainatthePump special @FoxNews @SarahPalinUSA's $ @ericbolling watching Enjoyed
http://t.co/kN0XJq96 (cont) international the as dollar our overtake yuan the have to trying is China watches @BarackObama While
@nbcsnl Live. Night Saturday on job great a do would @MittRomney He
me. for made he bike the love I friends. great remain will we #CelebApprentice on him fired I Although guy. fantastic a is Sr. Teutul Paul
http://t.co/owHrP5p3 (cont) first 5:30pm 18 April Square Herald @Macys "Success" new the and me Meet success. of smell the captured have I
http://t.co/Bco0a2AD #CelebApprentice and gimmick Tax Buffet the spending reckless @BarackObama's discussing interview @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/8IlJsBZ4 week- last Tower Trump in event press a for me joined Sr. Teutul Paul #CelebrityApprentice
@MikeBloomberg Commissioner. Police great a is Kelly Ray City. York New of Mayor as job great a doing is Bloomberg Mike
#TrumpTuesday am 7:30 at tomorrow on@SquawkCNBC be I'll
now!#rozandmocha @kiss925toronto on me Hear
http://t.co/0L7pHwxb (cont) first fragrance; new my sign to 5:30pm 18 April Square Herald @Macys be I'll like. smells Success what out Find
book. new my of copy a receive customers 100 First Trump. by #Success fragrance new my sign to 18 April Square Herald @Macys at be will I
luck. her wish all We Canada. Universe Miss as does Talackova Jenna how see to interesting be will It
continue. to practice this allow they that boggling mind is It babies. in vaccinations dose massive allowing stop immediately must FDA The
@axlrose. fans your for it Do nonsense. induction no the Stop happy. be and honors #rockhall2012 his take should Rose Axl
http://t.co/N8TW2fcW (cont) even out it check area LA the in When @trumpgolfla. California- of State the in course golf best the left Just
http://t.co/item4eZN (cont) the away takes it taxes high through investors from capital robs government When capital. requires "Capitalism
do. I as not say I as Do http://t.co/bqF26mQf salary. $790k on 20.5% pays only taxes our all raise to wants who @BarackObama
http://t.co/pLkKLhHK Stump? the on Reagan Ronald invoking constantly he is why then advantageous so are policies @BarackObama's If
jobs. killing directly are ObamaCare and policy gas @BarackObama's high.http://bloom.bg/HuedL7 month 2 a at are claims jobless U.S.
watch. and play both to game great A golf. is life of joys simplest the of One
action. of course Wrong http://t.co/wxE0caDF cheat they while China defending is Staff Joint of Vice-Chief @BarackObama's Now
immediately. done be must Something vaccinations. & @autism about said I what for me thanking are people many Many
http://t.co/MI4v4rdT (cont) & inefficient very is energy The turbines. wind industrial ugly on time big back cutting are countries Many
http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 NBC on pm 9 at Sunday puppets-- the goods--and the delivers Apprentice Celebrity The
Monday AM 7:30 at @foxandfriends on be I'll
Square. Herald @Macys pm 5:30 4/18 more out Find confidence. & sophistication exude that scents choose critical; is detail to Attention
http://t.co/PpCgzJwr (cont) week next her hosting to forward looking are I and Melania twitter. joined has @AnnDRomney that see to Excited
trial. fair a for wait let's Now Justice. trial. a be will there see to glad am I well. very matter Zimmerman the handled @FLGovScott He
today? wasted @BarackObama has $ much how Thursday It's
http://t.co/Qkn0rHBY (cont) a on vaccines 38 dangerous how stating for me thanking autism fighting people from letters many gotten I’ve
http://t.co/frbu8e9G (cont) of billions of hundreds the on down cracking in tough get to need we spending wasteful the eliminating "Beyond
http://t.co/Kc0LxwuU (cont) the to it stick and America for up stand to willing president a get and smart get tough get to have just "We
well."TimeToGetTough as fronts other of hundreds on compete can we Chinese the to them sell and America in chopsticks make can we if "Look
EST pm 5 at today @GerriWillisFBN Report Willis THe on be I'll
unused. be still would it involved gotten hadn't I If http://t.co/PTXWJhHv time record in and budget under Rink Wollman the developed I
deals! these loves China http://t.co/yuMqsrT6 Iran to computers embargoed sell to attempted China
November. in choice Easy credit. America's ruined successfuly @BarackObama entrepreneur. successful a is @MittRomney He
House. White the of out is @BarackObama until recovery economic sharp a be never can There
liquidity. artificial of round another withstand can dollar the nor economy the Neither QE3. do not should Fed The
http://t.co/m4JN2oIw Congress Achievers National ever first- the for (CA) Center Convention Jose San the at tomorrow speaking be I'll
http://t.co/ws4PiIkK (cont) open them leaving China from components electronic fake contain missiles and ships warplanes US of Thousands
http://t.co/aZi33CCU @MissUSA..... and @TrumpModels featuring @LordandTaylor at Show Fashion Ready-To-Wear @IvankaTrump's Watch
Mitt! him get go -- @BarackObama onto it's Now race. good very a running on him congratulate I thing. right the did news--@RickSantorum Good
http://t.co/r3zVN62W (cont) school BHO's see Let's http://t.co/yGZxF3L5 returns tax @MittRomney's of years 23 wants @BarackObama He
guy! good really a is player...he team real a like more and more sounding is @newtgingrich He
http://t.co/ZtaDb6dh (cont) immediately should FDA The excuse. any use they nonsense children- in Autism cause may women obese say they Now
http://t.co/LhK8EfIA (cont) who critics art from heat of lot a took He paintings. his of beauty the love to happen I died. Kinkade Thomas
http://t.co/IFm2Un3A (cont) balanced. and fair totally was it and Minutes 60 for me with interview major a did He Wallace. Mike miss will I
http://t.co/fM1wKW1r (cont) plummeting--- are sales Newsstand badly. failing is favorites my of one be to used which Magazine Fair Vanity
http://t.co/9tbDgl9l today- visit to by stopped @LouFerrigno contestant #CelebrityApprentice
golf. played just he - hanger-ons other the and coaches on reliance heavy without it did He Masters. the winning on @bubbawatson to Congrats
http://t.co/IeYBAFKX (cont) Allred Gloria before days two Canada Universe Miss in participate to Talackova Jenna allow to decision my made I
http://t.co/tsxyud1g Mar-a-Lago- for Vote
http://t.co/njp4Wlr1 Focus- represents which finger index the is second The sections. five into divided is #MidasTouch
http://t.co/LMuTLitU (cont) record @MittRomney's President. as has @BarackObama than sector private the in jobs more created has @MittRomney
http://t.co/KXbIpfPu (cont) fast.Also and resources own our with independent energy become must America later. than sooner coming is gas $6
here. is winter Islamist The @Israel. and US the of enemies are friends @BarackObama's Brotherhood. Muslim the hosted have not should WH THe
http://t.co/bHDdxYF3 (cont) taxes! their cutting for China applauds taxes--who our all raise to wants @BarackObama--who It's
America! @BarackObama's http://t.co/2jMs1W3E 2019 by spending defense US exceed will China to payments interest budget: @BarackObama's His
http://t.co/xH9PhFwt (cont) master." must success of dreaming entrepreneur every factors key five the represent fingers five "The
Miami. in be to Glad amazing! be will It today. Club Country Doral Trump for plans at Looked
tall! Standing visit. his on Israel for up standing Christie Chris Governor friend my see to Proud
leadership. @BarackObama failed of Result gallon. a $4.50 staion gas a by drove Beach Palm in Arrived
http://t.co/utR9hrAW (cont) success." entrepreneurial to critical attributes the represent to metaphor ideal the is hand Touch Midas "The
http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 go. to ready is episode exciting Another PM. 9 at NBC on night Sunday #CelebrityApprentice The
AM 7:30 at Monday @foxandfriends on me miss Don't
thumb-http://t.co/ty5zZXDL the is first The sections. five into divided is Touch Midas @theRealKiyosaki with book My
414-0. House the in budget his down voting by "F" an with him graded party own his budget GOP the criticizes @BarackObama While
@Oprah win. to how knows network--she her with fine just doing up end will Oprah
time. everyone's wasting is Rick http://t.co/Qdks2gDp Pennsylvania in @MittRomney to @ppppolls latest the in losing now is @RickSantorum He
http://t.co/EXZpW37N (cont) military America's erode will cuts proposed your that you tells defense of secretary your when deal: the "Here's
http://t.co/SxHglAUV (cont) real a set don't they if products China's on tax percent 25 a Slap tough. get China: on solution the "Here's
dignity. with out bow to @RickSantorum for time great a is This
http://t.co/Y38LAZUx (cont) the on @SarahPalinUSA premiums insurance comments USC @BarackObama's discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/bl78QAMq birthday @AnnRomney's and prices oil @MittRomney monopolies healthcare discussing interview @IngrahamAngle My
http://t.co/4McLW9u5 (cont) of one as nominated been has built ever mansions greatest the of one and Beach Palm in club my Mar-a-Lago
http://t.co/1DAVgSlQ #trumpvlog... today's in #CelebApprentice and Universe Canada/Miss Miss rise will prices gas Why
http://t.co/c7aLRcz7 (cont) Convention Jose San the at Congress Achievers National first-ever the at 12 April Thursday on speaking be I'll
http://t.co/xXt75Jls (cont) Why lawyer. constitutional a was he thought power--I its or Court Supreme the in believe doesn't @BarackObama
http://t.co/0uQsm9t4 (cont) so not are Iranians the hope election--I the before Iran attacking @BarackObama about said I what Remember
http://t.co/n500m0Y8 (cont) to time reputation...the and integrity his both keep to and race the exit to window limited a has @RickSantorum
http://t.co/qWzfanv3 (cont) what Watch election. the after until oil of out hell the pump to Arabia Saudi with deal a made @BarackObama He
better! get to going only we're And bad. Times--not York New the than people more reaching now is account twitter My
http://t.co/MKn9VgJe today- interviews for me joined @DebbieGibson and @DeeSnider contestants #CelebApprentice
http://t.co/ptk8Of5W (cont) whole a gain will China correctly job our do we if and it like acting start we time It's enemy. our is "China
#TheArtofTheDeal game." the playing is excitement real The score. keep to way a as except me for motivation big a never was "Money
http://t.co/A4pgF5Xh (cont) One http://t.co/kfII0sd3 bankruptcy for filed has money our with funded @BarackObama company solar Another
http://t.co/86QkuVSl (cont) was It unconstitutional. is ObamaCare that rules USC the if 'unprecedented' be would it said @BarackObama He
http://t.co/mHBTrViy (cont) buy and can you if advantage take to Try now. especially but own to asset great a always is estate Real
http://t.co/c5TEPU5B (cont) SG because worried is He ObamaCare. on justices USC the intimidate to trying be not should @BarackObama He
http://t.co/4mJgHzbC (cont) can Anything fragile. more it makes success anything If that. change doesn't success and fragile very is "Life
http://t.co/28lg4Mgp reform healthcare & market estate real the choices VP golf discussing interview @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday My
http://t.co/RMI02tjB (cont) has life my all attitude general my me of advantage take to try or unfairly or badly me treat people "When
http://t.co/Lv0KOO6D (cont) is Leverage have. you strength biggest the is leverage and strength from deal is do can you thing best "The
resources. energy own our use to need We http://t.co/M8QP89gw to$123/Barrel oil of price the raising is demand Chinese
#TimeToGetTough fraud." preventing about than enrollment food-stamp boosting about enthusiastic more far is administration @BarackObama "The
out. drop and reality face to Rick for Time Maryland? and Wisconsin wins @MittRomney after tomorrow excuse @RickSantorum's be will What
http://t.co/eyVzGd2h (cont) We country. the over takes Brotherhood Muslim the if Egypt to aid foreign of penny a give not should US The
http://t.co/LM6y8wNI Russia for years" 3 best "the been has @BarackObama says @MedvedevRussiaE @BarackObama. love competitors America's
AM. 7:30 at Monday on @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/SGmFv7Z6 episode Sunday's this with interacting begin to app Apprentice Celebrity The new my download to sure Be
http://t.co/zmF8WOaq (cont) The formerly NC Charlotte Club Golf National Golf--Trump Trump of acquisition newest news--the exciting Some
http://t.co/QhlACcNK regime his under declining are land federal on permits prices--drilling gas high record wants @BarackObama He
http://t.co/ciROyImT rate FASTER at rise will premiums and uninsured 27M be still will there mandate the Despite disaster. a is @ObamaCare
http://t.co/GvLfD5AY (cont) in companies oil for breaks tax supported @BarackObama why explaining time hard a had Sec. Press House White
http://t.co/1NhM5M48 (cont) CA) Jose (San Center Convention Jose San the at Congress Achievers National first-ever the at speaking be I'll
http://t.co/op9x8BYl warming" global fight "to overseas $770M sending is @BarackObama deficit budget $1T and debt $16T a With Waste!
http://t.co/34Wzc9Xo practices subsidy unfair and manipulation currency their over China on pressure increase to ways studying @MittRomney
http://t.co/SOUildaR yesterday- @MissTeenUSA and @MissUniverse seeing great was It
http://t.co/Y6tr3tRc (cont) deal better a get to forces armed our and laws our dollars our of leverage the use would negotiator smart "A
#TheArtofTheDeal it." make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst "The
http://t.co/jJ1GqFAX (cont) as might you anyway thinking be to going you're if simple: very it's me To have. always I big. thinking like "I
http://t.co/UTaZpHLV (cont) a for in You're NBC. on 8pm-11pm night Sunday this Apprentice Celebrity of episode hour three the forget Don't
http://t.co/jthy8mww (cont) vaccinations combined monstrous giving Stop years. 10 in increase 78% control--a of out is @Autism says study A
http://t.co/9QmHF9TW (cont) shoot why gun--and a use to have he does fight a in he's if Even me. to injured look doesn't @GeorgeZimmerman
http://t.co/PZFbC1IF interview... yesterday's from me and @Gretawire of Photo
http://t.co/1B04r3YR (cont) top Americans' are (65%) prices gas and (71%) economy the that reports @gallupnews @BarackObama. for news Bad
failure. abject an is record economic @BarackObama's jobs.http://apne.ws/H2gURT on @MittRomney criticizing is He delusional. is Biden @VP
http://t.co/VLYqayZc Unsustainable! 2008. than more debt--even US of percent 61% bought Fed the 2011 In in. reined be must Fed The
http://t.co/oABly7R9 Accomplished! Mission term. his during skyrocket" necessarily will rates "electricity that warned @BarackObama 2008 In
@BarackObama. defeat to coalescing is GOP the that shows @MittRomney of endorsement @marcorubio's
http://t.co/v6WnQaSX (cont) @MittRomney over Pravda newspaper Soviet the from endorsement early an received @BarackObama He
http://t.co/5xHw5ujY (cont) when much so risen have could costs care health how understand can't it--they belileve hardly can "Liberals
http://t.co/tOax00jj (cont) budget $3.6T @BarackObama's down voted they Yesterday unanimous! finally are Democrats and Republicans House The
#TheArtofTheDeal things." exciting great do who players exciting stars--great watch to come They winners. like "Fans
http://t.co/dVO3c3Yg line clothing new @IvankaTrump's & prices gas argument USC #ObamaCare the discuss I where interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/KJCjosuR (cont) every Almost system. the clogging waste tremendous the eliminate to need we afford can we government a have "To
http://t.co/wTbmKDaz (cont) damage." tremendous doing it's aleady and yet in kicked even hasn't @Obamacare that is incredible "What's
election? last his after flexible more be can he that China and Iran promised has @BarackObama if wonder I
there! of out get to Time http://t.co/QDSnRVAj soldiers U.S. 52 killed have training are we who Forces Security Afghan The
http://t.co/QT3yelWF (cont) http://t.co/6MNmYTSKHe VP. @MittRomney's be to wants he that saying now is He desperate. is @RickSantorum
time! good a having Always http://t.co/RAB2Lahw House White the in donors top his hosting is he vacationing not is @BarackObama When
http://t.co/4ThONZoj (cont) possibly and military Egyptian the over taking now is Brotherhood Muslim the - Winter' 'Islamist the to Welcome
reality. of dose a needs left The http://t.co/RK1UoS8e again. over and over repeatedly canard a be to proven been has warming Global
http://t.co/eLui9CBZ Doral the and @TimTebow timing @RepPaulRyan's deficit the rates interest discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/WlJdcOUd (cont) of use his misrepresented he that in Yankees the from salary his reduce substantially should Rodriguez Alex
@FoxNews. on ET 10PM at tonight Watch http://t.co/EUR1Yjjp interview- an filming I and @Gretawire of photo scenes the Behind
Fox. on ET pm 10 at tonight @Gretawire Susteren Van Greta by interviewed be I'll
http://t.co/5cBGzYeM (cont) No decision. the before #ObamaCare on argument oral Court Supreme U.S. Monday's about excited too get not Let's
Nightmare" Worst "@BarackObama's or 45" "POTUS or President" "Future - @MittRomney of description my - @jayleno
http://t.co/7Jzf2WqI (cont) tough the make to time of window short a have only We crossroads. a at is China with relationship "America's
http://t.co/jKObsFMp (cont) And disaster. total a been has Obama jobs American create to industry energy the using to comes it when "Sadly
lies. @BarackObama http://t.co/DYrqEpZ2 collapsed Solyndra as all-hands-on-deck @BarackObama shows dump document Friday A se'? 'per his Not
http://t.co/yGXOsOQq (cont) of one as nominated been has built ever mansions greatest the of one and Beach Palm in club my Mar-a-Lago
solution. political a requires ObamaCare repealing end the in but correctly rules USC the Hopefully unconstitutional. clearly is ObamaCare
now? it release Why timing. strategic is issue the issue relevant the not is policy fiscal sound is plan @RepPaulRyan's Whether
http://t.co/PJ5tssfL @MittRomney on attacks ridiculous his defend can't @RickSantorum confronted When
http://t.co/I6mCEnUn security national and defense missile on @MedvedevRussiaE to promises election making tape on caught is @BarackObama He
http://t.co/MsTNlWr6 plan @RepPaulRyan's of timing the and @TimTebow of acquisition @nyjets the discussing interview @foxandfriends My
in. tune to sure Be AM. 7:30 at morning tomorrow @SquawkCNBC on be I'll Tuesday: Trump
http://t.co/AmAIQzD8 (cont) were we America the like look won't grandkids and kids our leave we America the @BarackObama reelect we "If
http://t.co/hp7PCHOK (cont) sight in nowhere jobs and clean wallets our vacuuming OPEC daily bag punching a like us beating China "With
http://t.co/0NtWa21j (cont) of Art "The read you that recommend highly I world business the entering just entrepreneur young a are you If
http://t.co/895NgsYh Solyndra. for responsible 100% is He failure. utter and complete a is he that admitting of incapable is @BarackObama He
http://t.co/roHVFzoI (cont) @MittRomney. over @BarackObama prefer would he that saying is he Now desperate. is @RickSantorum
http://t.co/JqOJdN7u (cont) do to nothing have policies his course Of production. oil in increase an for credit taking keeps @BarackObama
http://t.co/pAhyD1tT (cont) but make they which energy green called so includes technology--that and jobs our steal to want Chinese The
AM. 7:30 at Monday @Foxandfriends on be I'll
show.http://t.co/y6Qsh1uv great a for in You're NBC. on pm 9 at night Sunday this Apprentice Celebrity watch to forget Don't
http://t.co/UfX9aQNb (cont) happened. have never should that situation terrible a It's carefully. case Martin Trayvon the following am I
http://t.co/xb2coAKa (cont) leader. a but winner a only not is @TimTebow.@TimTebow acquiring on @nyjets and Johnson Woody to Congratulations
Franklin. Aretha friend legendary my to Birthday Happy
http://t.co/9xnHKcRC (cont) our steal to out is China Chinese. four are there child American one every For China. on tough get to have "We
http://t.co/JOBrLYwL (cont) nanny-state broader his of part all it's because Obama bother doesn't dollars taxpayers' of waste blatant "The
http://t.co/IpLxV7K0 (cont) game this play always They http://t.co/RFZ6ovXS crude on drop 2% meager a for credit taking are Saudis The
http://t.co/BNTKmset ObamaCare? of anniversary year 2 the celebrate to event special any hold @BarackObama didn't Strange--why
http://t.co/aeKdaYsP (cont) successful a having ever of does @Rosie as nominee GOP the being of chance much as has @RickSantorum He
http://t.co/N6uDBymz (cont) is It insurmountable. is lead delegate His Illinois. in night last win impressive another had @MittRomney He
http://t.co/r03kTH7N economy. the on outlook my and purchase Doral the prices gas primary GOP the discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/sIFjKnPO (cont) Trayvon kid old year 17 the killed and shot who Zimmerman George moron the into look seriously should They
http://t.co/kkPDZv7r impressive. Very Fla. in Congress for running Law Harvard Yale star bronze hero Navy vet Iraq DeSantis Ron
weather. Perfect country. the in courses golf best the of One weekend. last Beach Palm in Club Golf International Trump the Played
way! that work doesn't It #freespeech see. can they movies what read can people books what decide to wants @RickSantorum He
AM. 7:30 Mondays on @Foxandfriends is as ratings good very getting is AM 7:30 @SquawkCNBC on Tuesday Trump
job. good really a doing men good Really VP. for FL of Rubio Senator and NJ of Christie Gov VA of McDonnell Gov consider should @MittRomney
country. the in resort best the be will it years two Miami--within in Club Country &amp; Hotel Doral bought Just
justice. and investigation full a support I @TrayvonMartin. of case the in read have I what by disturbed deeply am I
down! go bullies see to nice always it's and bully a is Rosie @Oprah. by fired got @Rosie glad so am I
http://t.co/YeGZtD8A pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama re-election: @BarackObama cost will prices gas Why
unthinkable. is that rate a at grown has debt the office in months 38 first his In reckless. being for @BarackObama to Congratulations
teleprompters? on rely to have always @BarackObama does Why
http://t.co/15573kkU (cont) it. of out us get can @MittRomney Depression. Great the since recession job longest the in mired is America
http://t.co/V7aYNedp TV on it make can't just she how and again yet canceled being @Rosie discuss I where interview @foxandfriends My
http://t.co/DYM5WaYa prices. gas inflating is OPEC how and ignoramus economic an is @BarackObama why discuss I where interview @Gretawire My
Sudan. in place taking atrocities the exposing for @GeorgeClooney to credit great Give
http://t.co/nDQoTVHP (cont) will When night. Friday on her cancelled Oprah and abysmal were ratings Her again. failed has O'Donnell Rosie
http://t.co/SGmFv7Z6 episode Sunday's this with interacting begin to app Apprentice Celebrity The new my download to sure Be
http://t.co/SGmFv7Z6 App new our about out find to http://t.co/ziVczvIq #trumpvlog today's watch fans #CelebApprentice
leaders. Dumb Iraq. in oil the of more gotten have should we and Syria in oil the of more gotten have should We
http://t.co/KBnaazcq (cont) our are Presidents are. they but negotiators business and jobs as presidents our of think always don't "We
http://t.co/K1GdQ7YZ (cont) look won't grandkids and kids our leave we America the @BarackObama reelect we if path this on keep we "If
http://t.co/lxQgnlm1 (cont) what us want don't They http://t.co/SN24XHwW month. last Marines 7 side--killed our on soldiers--those Afghani
ignoramus. economic an is He Solyndra. like projects green speculative on dollars tax our of billions wasted has @BarackObama
Americans. all on tax a is It growth. economic future any slow will and prices consumer in rise steep a causing are prices gas Rising
in. tune to sure Be AM. 7:30 at Monday @foxandfriends on be I'll
cities.http://t.co/ylvQk7Em 2 in fundraisers 5 has @BarackObama reelection. priority--his highest his on today work at hard is Obama Barack
http://t.co/CdRocVgU resources. energy domestic own our using start to need we that explain I where @TeamCavuto with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/92hEjGWW (cont) the winning of chance zero a has he that knowing was he If player. team a not clearly is @RickSantorum
episode!http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 great Another NBC. on pm 9 at night Sunday on #CelebApprentice watch to sure Be
http://t.co/fFPMlgx6 (cont) of section large in ineligible is He campaign. professional a run can't he proves @RickSantorum again Once
corrupt! So http://t.co/Zou6q9Q2 Dinner State British the to donors and bundlers campaign top his invited @BarackObama He
http://t.co/x41NI4ce (cont) @RickSantorum! FIRE could I Wish once. at celebrities 2 fired I when #CelebApprentice in first a was week Last
http://t.co/eE5G0Eo8 (cont) but hunters are who sons my with disagree strongly I animals. killing of approve don't and hunter a not I'm
http://t.co/UAAIAKdS (cont) our Along understand. people most than threatening and serious more far is problem crime immigrant illegal "The
http://t.co/UAxEYcf2 (cont) you capability military America's erode will cuts proposed your that you tells defense of secretary your "When
Keystone? about What http://t.co/idDXPZro prices gas reduce to "everything" done have to claims now administration @BarackObama The
http://t.co/CqmIPfrP (cont) result and -- http://t.co/xqHyWoBU $1.76 over -- promised @BarackObama what double cost will ObamaCare SHOCK!
attacks. from NYC defending in work outstanding done has NYPD The Kelly. Commissioner and NYPD the defending for @DrZuhdiJasser commend I
happy. been have should her--she made show The nothing. to entitled is yesterday--she motion big a lost @NicolletteSheridan
http://t.co/KZgAG42e (cont) @BarackObama http://t.co/NHVgThr6 estimates earlier than larger billion $93 already is deficit budget 2012 The
nominee.http://wapo.st/yjKOcr the be will @MittRomney delegates. most the earned and contests 2/4 won He night. last well did @MittRomney
http://t.co/pLipL6ya (cont) no showed That drilling. domestic on clamps tighter put to reason no was it but bad was spill oil BP the "Yes
http://t.co/SEfHN8YL (cont) that in include also I approaches...and numerous developing and exploring be to need we energy of terms "In
http://t.co/hTCMSDP5 ballots getting people dead more exposes @JamesOkeefeIII law ID photo voter Texas a blocks @BarackObama after day The
@BarackObama. defeat to Time over. is primary The states. most the won and votes most the received delegates most the won has @MittRomney
gas! $6/gallon wants He http://t.co/3tWQXAyS gas for pay should Americans much how for answer an have doesn't @BarackObama
http://t.co/Kx83LkkS #CelebApprentice... week's this on people two fired I why and @RickSantorum Afghanistan on thoughts My #trumpvlog
http://t.co/tG1uI93f picks stock my and lead @MittRomney's contests primary today's discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/8btSF7V5 Doral the acquiring and prices gas numbers unemployment the discussing Friday last from interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/uFuXCalK 2012. through 2009 in Award Hotel Five-Star Forbes the of York---winner New Tower &amp; Hotel International Trump
http://t.co/AkySDCSD (cont) us keeps Vigilance community. Muslim the in some of activities monitor to legally and wisely acted cop top NYC's
@BarackObama. on focus can Republicans so race the of out get should @RickSantorum He
car. American great a Cadillac amazing. be will Doral--it bought just success--I great a Doral at Championship Cadillac
much! so not Jobs campaigning. and Vacations specialties? @BarackObama's His
http://t.co/Q0Cvjve3 views political his for punished being is @RealMeatLoaf this? like Democrat a treat industry music the in anyone Would
@JustinRose in winner wonderful a and golf in hole 18th great--best was Tournament Doral
blind. us robbing else everything to addition in are They doing. are we what know don't We disaster. total a is Afghanistan
http://t.co/hJD3n70H (cont) could They laugh. they backs leaders our behind then and footprint" "carbon so-called the about talks China
http://t.co/RBaUvw0k (cont) to coal our selling we're time same the at while plants fired coal its of all closing stupidly is US The
quickly. and time big punished be must Afghanistan in spree killing a on went who Sergeant Maniac
it.http://bit.ly/zXtRp3 defeat to Senate the in Democrats the lobbied he himself--so Keystone veto to want not did @BarackObama Pathetic:
control. birth prices--not gas and jobs about be must election next the be to Seems
Weird. Soweto. Barry was @BarackObama 18 was he When Trump. Donald me called people 18 was I When
them. support I finest! York's New extremists. certain of actions the monitoring is NYPD the glad I'm Personally
episode!http://t.co/y6Qsh1uv great Another NBC. on PM 9 at night Sunday Apprentice Celebrity The
it. miss don't AM 7:30 at Monday @foxandfriends on be I'll
http://t.co/JJqEe6tM jobs. administration given been have fundraisers biggest 47 @BarackObama's of half than More Coincidence?
over. is primary The @MittRomney. is delegates 1145 get can who candidate only The
reckless. is @BarackObama spent. it dollar every of cents 42 borrowing while billion $229 - February last deficit record a set BarackObama
Obama. under hire won't Businesses http://t.co/EGcnMnjZ 19.1% is underemployment US 9.1% is unemployment US - recovery @BarackObama The
defeated.http://bit.ly/AD17BE be must @BarackObama why and Tuesday Super @MittRomney's discussing @IngrahamAngle with interview My
Best. The be soon will but class world Miami--already in Club Country & Hotel Doral of acquisition my by Excited
@RayKelly vigilance. thru safe NYC Keeping history. NYC in Commissioner Police best the is Kelly Ray
http://t.co/FrP19xiK (cont) take to ready president a elect we whenever begin can charades currency its playing stop to China "Getting
http://t.co/51iamOjX (cont) Work improve. to chance the of people robs it dependency: welfare about offensive morally so find I what "That's
http://t.co/KO55opdD (cont) our in face Forces Armed our realities and challenges the respects who chief in commander a deserves "America
#CelebApprentice. from contestants favorite my of one is @GeorgeTakei gentleman: true and professional a is He
http://t.co/RVabzgJn (cont) major pay to going is policy energy Algae @BarackObama's - worry Don' California. in already $6 is Gas
http://t.co/0k72wnb7 primary Democrat the in vote the of 57% got only Oklahoma--he in delegate a lose will @BarackObama He
http://t.co/0TAVuA4E 2008: in said he what not That's prices. gas higher want not does he claims @BarackObama He
win. crucial a was It top. the over @MittRomney putting for voters primary GOP OH the thank to want I Buckeye" "honorary an As
http://t.co/6jhc3miP @MittRomney nominate must GOP the why discussing @MittRomney of behalf on @Jay_Severin with interview My
http://t.co/wEnVRccC campaign. strong a with @BarackObama defeat will @MittRomney why discussing @ASavageNation on interview My
County Cuyahoga pivotal in robo-calls with Ohio win @MittRomney help to proud and Happy
http://t.co/n6AbRrUY (cont) lies government Chinese Communist the that surprise no it's gigantic--and is China from threat military "The
http://t.co/l7pTVJkb (cont) face we threat espionage commercial biggest the is currency its of turn every with us screws China "While
combined. presidents 42 first the than years 3 in debt more accumulated he how conference press today's in @BarackObama ask should Someone
http://t.co/ZEWFiklE (cont) a get to about and later years 3 open still is It year. first his in Gitmo close to promised @BarackObama He
http://t.co/j0KmQfbJ (cont) is He drive. nuclear Iran's from faces Israel threat the AIPAC at explained Netanyahu @IsraeliPM leader: Strong
groups? Street Wall Occupy the about What http://t.co/VN7SsY4t Party Tea the sabotage to IRS the using is @BarackObama He
policy. Wrong $1Trillion. over by ours cut to wants @BarackObama http://t.co/ILol5FY1 11% by budget defense its raising is China
nominee. the be will He region. every across states from delegates 220 over win will he -- @MittRomney for Tuesday Super a be will Today
http://t.co/J4jrLifR (cont) negotiate to able aren't we believe can't I stiff! scared are cards--they the all have we Iran to respect With
http://t.co/O1bZO2yO loser. a is Will George why and prices gas nominee great a is @MittRomney why discussing interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/Yy6GNcx3 http://t.co/8H9D933Q #TimeToGetTough problem." revenue a not problem spending a has US the that understand "Americans
http://t.co/6H7Ckg3W Alinsky to Song Love @BarackObama's I: Part Vetting article--The last @AndrewBreitbart's READ! MUST A
demonized. 9/11---not since us protecting for honored be all should They @CommissionerKelly. and @MayorBloomberg @NYPD the support fully I
http://t.co/WCMV1Xr4 (cont) @Israel containing about concerned more is he that proved yesterday @AIPAC at speech @BarackObama's again Once
country! this bankrupting is @BarackObama http://t.co/Hjzp9noi estimates government DOUBLED spending pool risk high Obamacare's Shock!
http://t.co/c0EnzLzE (cont) Republican the downgrade to continues business the in pundit political overrated most the @GeorgeWill Dopey
http://t.co/x53gALRh (cont) national defined clearly with leaders strong require nations strong that it's anything us teaches history "If
http://t.co/zUpxyeFT (cont) theft." property intellectual combating in is government our pathetic and weak how at laugh Chinese "The
"Hope" all is recovery economic @BarackObama's http://t.co/aZveAoW0 15% is CBO the to according rate unemployment real The
missed. be will press--@AndrewBreitbart the to contribution great a made He
http://t.co/XxyskTxk (cont) by killed were troops US http://t.co/MyiouzLR down" things "calmed apology Koran his that claims @BarackObama
Chinese. the in rein will @MittRomney http://t.co/41G77ICP @BarackObama over' all 'walked have Chinese right--the is @MittRomney
http://t.co/Zf2pEO80 (cont) cost-sharing a to agree government Iraqi the made we if in be would we shape economic stronger much how "Imagine
http://t.co/ZRYOPR1Y (cont) cartel." OPEC the busted we if save would American average the money much how "Imagine
@BarackObama drive. nuclear Iranian the stop will he how worry and Iran attacking against Israel pressuring stop should @BarackObama
out. get to Time govt't. Afghani the by killed troops our getting are We http://t.co/uNxQYQWi Afghanistan from minerals getting is China
solution--ALGAE! a has @BarackObama - worry Don't http://t.co/qzQI1z9p row a in days 21 rising month this cents 30 up are prices Gas
nomination. the get can't they if out drop and prospects their at look hard long a take should candidate GOP every Tuesday Super After
win. him help to able was I glad am I @MittRomney. of behalf on surrogate a being loved I
http://t.co/kkByT0Er night! last people thanking in great was She lady. fantastic a is Romney Ann
http://t.co/850LjkgG (cont) Chinese the but innovation business and technological of masters are entrepreneurs and corporations "American
prices. gas the owns @BarackObama http://t.co/6Ftd60Np granted. Wish January. in gas $7-$9 for called Sec. Energy @BarackObama's
http://t.co/SHQuYovw (cont) healthcare. troops our cutting is @BarackObama Yet immigrants. illegal to insurance free gives ObamaCare
http://t.co/ueHE0mog @BarackObama letter? the release he won't Why Karzai. to America of behalf on apology an issue to quick was He
asset. tremendous a is sector private the in success @MittRomney's adminstration: his during prosperity and growth record have will America
http://t.co/SyijrXdo skyrocketing...... prices gasoline on thoughts My #trumpvlog
reserve. the tap not drilling for land more open should @BarackObama embargo. an and war of time a for asset strageic a is reserve oil The
foolish. are proposal cut tax pro-growth @MittRomney's on attacks @RickSantorum's right: it got Mitt's
more...http://bit.ly/7WuvAN and Club Country & Hotel windfarmsDoral oil of price the discussing morning this from interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/eicaM0Mr (cont) Donald that stated incorrectly Times York New the in story recent TrumpA Donald to Apologizes Times York New
http://t.co/paWCdwC5 (cont) have should he maybe then pollution air and emissions carbon about concerned really is Obama @Barack "If
http://t.co/YJqCx21R (cont) costs energy exorbitant these get we until jobs real create or growth real see to going not you're is fact "The
@BarackObama. stop doesn't that but we can Neither http://t.co/ifHRqsfi borrow. to afford can't and money of out run has UK The
term. second a survive cannot America @BarackObama. on focus and other each attacking stop Republicans time is It
interests. national our in not is It us. hate that people for schools and roads building are We Afghanistan. of out get to time is It
cut. tax pro-growth with Reagan and Kemp of steps in follows @MittRomney needs: America What
http://t.co/XAYYf7I3 (cont) stood who person security pathetic and weak the by pummeled been have should who moron a is @SachaBaronCohen
http://t.co/Psjx5zeU (cont) savings in billions of hundreds represents designs military our steal to able being China like country a "For
http://t.co/eqRqpRt4 (cont) it." buying aren't workers collar blue jobs' collar 'green with obsessed is @BarackObama "While
http://t.co/5W62qQc9 @RasmussenPoll to according points 6 by Michigan in leading now is @MittRomney news: good is This
http://t.co/tmRdJ2Fo (cont) issuing for @StateDept & @WhiteHouse the applaud I immediately. Iran by released be must #Nadarkhani Pastor
http://t.co/26r8LdZm (cont) an as - algae yes - algae pushing is he Instead Keystone. approve won't @BarackObama rising keep prices gas As
disaster! a is He rise. the on and Florida in $6 now is It http://t.co/HvSoHOTw gas $3.50 against campaigned @BarackObama 2008 In
http://t.co/EsmlgZ8f @MittRomney of behalf on Lansing in WJIM on Shiels Patrick Michael with interview My
http://t.co/RRlCeGGt force using without Iran with deal to how and #CNNDebate the discussing @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
7:30... at morning Monday every @foxandfriends on I'm
http://t.co/00FRAk2z Tower..... World Trump at residence amazing this of tour a Take
amazing! funeral--absolutely Houston's Whitney friend my at eulogy great a gave Davis Clive
hell! to going is country our wonder to--no listen or watch to hard is Schultz Wasserman Debbie
http://t.co/jF3HZPyQ (cont) America's that understand must president next The tough. get we that require will wealth American "Restoring
http://t.co/DP4HoQiU (cont) or it in pride my country this for apologies no make I known. ever has world the country greatest the are "We
http://t.co/wN3COpsj (cont) easily could we field playing economic level a on played we and currency its with games play didn't China "If
debt...http://t.co/gDAUj0Kt govt crippling despite tax income pay don't Americans of HALF
http://t.co/iVcDKauC yesterday. drivers Florida for $6/gallon to rose also Gas fundraising. yesterday Florida in was @BarackObama Irony!
http://t.co/Ku6NIvZi amazing! looked sunlight the in out paint the in flakes gold The @realDonaldTrump. for built we Bike @OCChoppers: RT
http://t.co/PH2psPFB Conservative" "Really Me Called You 2008 In #CNNDebate: in @RickSantorum to @MittRomney
http://t.co/H1I7FDuz (cont) Christian a is he because Mullahs the by death to sentenced been just has #Nadarkhani Pastor Iranian
future. America's restore can who conservative steady the is he why again once proved @MittRomney #CNNDebate night's last In
http://t.co/iuwrAOj3 win can't @RickSantorum why and $6 $5 to headed is gas that explain I where @Newsmax_Media with interview My
http://t.co/8ozY6pYo Michigan of state the across playing @MittRomney of behalf on robocall My
http://t.co/wCiAsVsc (cont) tough the make to time of window short a have only We crossroads. a at is China with relationship "America's
http://t.co/U0XIm6h0 #TimeToGetTough belong." they where home back jobs manufacturing bring to need "We
http://t.co/TQXAlYMH (cont) in persecuted being Christians the to eye blind a turned has @BarackObama point. critical a made Graham Rev.
http://t.co/AYrhD0pl (cont) people most and murder with away gets He @ESPN. of @RickReilly sports: of all in reporter worst the be may He
http://t.co/D9iV87Tq (cont) He gas. $4 for responsible are and Keystone cancelled Republicans the believe to us wants @BarackObama Now
season. this of proud very am I @DonaldJTrumpJr. & @IvankaTrump again. once ratings wonderful having is @CelebApprentice
@JLin7 http://t.co/yMg6pWWC season. this far Knicks the lead can he think I fun. Knicks the watching makes He player. special a is @JLin7
http://t.co/3HOiXpFF (cont) at underemployment and 9% to back is unemployment month this vacation 16th their took @BarackObama's the As
House. White the in needs America experience sector private and judgment the has He him. like I more the @MittRomney know to get I more The
http://t.co/Rc0e32VT Romney. for go to needs Michigan why discussing @MittRomney of behalf on @wjrradio on @PaulWTalk with interview My
http://t.co/BNqSgQm3 (cont) of thinking help can't I look I time every Somehow mundane. and boring so become has show Letterman's David
http://t.co/gQv6f7cP (cont) thousands of hundreds away tears China while shrug who secretary Treasury a and president a have we now "Right
http://t.co/mVj2KZBi (cont) Instead economy. our for fighting start and world the to economist an be to trying stop should President "Our
http://t.co/wYSTMETc watches. @BarackObama while off us ripping is OPEC oil. of price high month 9 the for excuse no are threats Iran's
candidacy. @MittRomney's support to need Michigan of people great the November in @BarackObama beat to chance any have will GOP the If
http://t.co/lRBOih6s (cont) Pipeline XL Keystone region. reliable a from oil import to needs America shows Iran with crisis nuclear the As
http://t.co/2SXcBxrJ (cont) years. 3 in vacation on gone have Obamas that times 16 it makes toAspen trip ski weekend Obama's Michelle
http://t.co/cpxqbkKr spending. control must We 2years. over in time first year--the last late debt US of purchase the slashed Foreigners
http://t.co/lRNdzRRS (cont) our in nobody There's off. us ripping is OPEC summer. the during $5 be will gas of gallon a words my Mark
reviews. star 4 many received has @NBC--it ESTon 9PM at Sunday this #CelebApprentice Watch
http://t.co/IdrOg3R7 (cont) America's address to nothing does budget 2013 their that admitted Secretary Treasury Admitted:@BarackObama's
China. to west it send to Canada forcing is @BarackObama us. to south down oil their send to wants Canada ally Our
http://t.co/QQUXLqCk (cont) him criticized @JonHuntsman http://t.co/RodFLIiT China on piece great a wrote @MittRomney He
http://t.co/2q4WolQA cast the discussing @CelebApprentice the discussing @todayshow My
@ApprenticeNBC show. great a for in Tune back! is Apprentice @nbc--Celebrity on EST pm 9 at night Sunday forget! Don't
http://t.co/74M5jEDE (cont) our weaken to continues @BarackObama programs social failed his for pay to budget defense the raiding "By
http://t.co/DMXg2rEo (cont) need we believe don't I world. the with wrong what's not is America @BarackObama: President for news got "I've
http://t.co/OhmFhNJb (cont) It's jobs. kills and growth slows it does it time Every wallet. your pick-pocketing stop to needs "Government
safe! world the keeps America arsenal. nuclear our disarm unilaterally to going is @BarackObama dangerous: very is Weakness
years. 3 in $6T it increased @BarackObama http://t.co/j02vneW0 debt to $4T adding for '07 in @BarackObama by "unpatriotic" called was Bush
good! Not market. the into debt bond US more even issuing considering is Fed The
SHOCK! http://t.co/Yhs8s8UJ hiring from owners business small stopping are Obamacare and regulation @BarackObama's that proves poll Gallup
China! with TRADE FAIR need We http://t.co/DnjmzKZv Congress to China" with trade of benefits "the stressed Xi VP China Yesterday
Watch:http://t.co/l7K0D9Cx Smart.' & Nasty 'Tough is 5 Season Apprentice' 'Celebrity Trump: @realDonald @accesshollywood: RT
proud. be will building--Washington historic this doing be to Honored property. Trump world-class a be will DC in Building Office Post Old
others? the don't why problem China the gets @MittRomney He
Johnson. Woody friend my see to Good yesterday. @MittRomney for raising fund successful Very
up. give never and focus your keep Then passion. requires Success one. number That's love. you that business a find to have You @MemoInc
to. want don't they Maybe @dansalbreiter
it. at keep I'll Thanks @stecbeck
trademarked. not No @jtatsuno
http://t.co/e7Xvn2rq (cont) to it ties he and energy of issues the on take Trump Donald watched "I've tonight: Cavuto Neil on Caddell Pat
Unbelievable! http://t.co/pMzy2rB3 Keystone. in rejected @BarackObama oil the sell to deal a brokering week last China in was PM Canada's
http://t.co/KcPxmtrl HQ OCC the visit I and @DonaldJTrumpJr where @OCChoppers of episode night's last from Scenes
http://t.co/x6ssYloS Pacific. the in navy their building is China while $487B by spending defense cut to wants @BarackObama Policy: Wrong
better. getting not is deficit $900Billion A @BarackObama. by worse made was recession The
trend? a Notice taxes. raise to wants @BarackObama good is economy the When taxes. raise to wants @BarackObama bad is economy the When
West the on attack an is diplomats Israeli on attack Iran's
out. find to watch to have You'll @joeyhatcher
http://t.co/YFumzn95 (cont) guard point new a found only not have Knicks the like Looks night. last shot winning game another had @JLin7 So
victory... of chance a with independent viable a nominate still could movement @AmericansElect the shows Polling @thedailybeast: RT:
twenties. my in was I @fox_trot_1
mind. open an keep I but estate real be to tends which know I what in invest to like I @kingdelrosario
success. for components key are them maximizing and them Finding opportunities. are There course. its run has it think don't I @atlthrasher
best. the you wish I and asked be to nice always it's but you with meet can't I that such is agenda My @HangersMensLine
watch. to sure great--be is Apprentice Celebrity of season This moment. the at plans no are there but possibility a be could That @The_Joey
http://t.co/4HaJETv0 (cont) Obama-style control to that's and obvious most the is America to sanity fiscal restoring of part final "The
http://t.co/k6a5CJha (cont) whole a gain will China corectly job our do we if it...and like acting start we time It's enemy. our is "China
http://t.co/sOna1B4I (cont) Trump." want They want? China in consumers the do what and truth the speak I but China of badly speak I "So
http://t.co/DOYyFWhm 5 Season @ApprenticeNBC of cast the discussing @jimmyfallon with interview my from clip A
job. great a do will Romney Mitt President--but for running not am I disappointed Mar-a-Lago called people upset 500 Over Flattering.
http://t.co/VYfwTYYe (cont) know I as plainly as this put me Let ambitions. nuclear its destroy to be must Iran with goal primary "America's
http://t.co/ZFmjsoCY (cont) smart make and innovatively think to how knows who House White the in dealmaker a need "We
http://t.co/H7JrXUOe (cont) the in poses China threat security national the recognize to enough tough and smart is who president a need "We
#CelebApprentice @occhoppers....http://t.co/if3jCSFY by me for made recently chopper the about speak I #trumpvlog today's In
Islam. radical loves He aid. military in $1.3B Egypt in Brotherhood Muslim the and $800B with Spring" "Arab the funds budget @BarackObama's
http://t.co/NI6HLFmH (cont) Muslim to $1.3Billion gives but funding military Israeli shrink to seeking is @BarackObama dangerous: is This
realized! policy @BarackObama The http://t.co/BXhPl7ci year the in early high so risen before never has and today $3.523 is gas of gallon A
cannons... and music with ceremony honor full a with Pentagon the at today Jinping Xi VP China's hosting is @BarackObama wrong! So
reality. new America's XiJinping. VP leader future China's hosting is he deficit budget dollar trillion a released @BarackObama after day A
paper."http://bit.ly/zyDytZ on breakdown "nervous a is budget @BarackObama's right. is Cleaver Emanuel Chairman Caucus Black Congressional
Greece into America turn will deficit.He Billion $900 a with 2013 for budget Trillion $3.8 a released @BarackObama burned Greece after day A
me. with surprises of couple a bringing be tonight---I'll EST 12:35 at NBC on Fallon Jimmy with Night Late Watch
http://t.co/UPek65gM (cont) to time It's investment. and savings growth encourages that smart--one and fair is that system tax a need "We
http://t.co/mZM4FL64 (cont) foolish gullible naive a as us sees China around. messing stop better America China to comes it when "Look
http://t.co/ubaVEGYn (cont) everyone." to apply that rules fair having requires trade free fact: plain a "It's
#TimeToGetTough again. #1 America making are We followers. twitter million 1 passed have to Honored
http://t.co/nsPDXFTs billion. $500 over by goal deficit budget his missed debt--he American accruing loves @BarackObama stop! to has This
http://t.co/MXRi5D36 primary and economy speechthe CPAC @SarahPalinUSA's Houston Whitney friend my discussing interview @foxandfriends My
family. her to prayers our send and her miss all will We talent. amazing an and friend great a was Houston Whitney
repealed. be must and @BarackObama for issue losing a is It implemented. when does actually Care Obama what saw we week This
suite. single a for Million $1 charging is He convention. DNC the for backseat a taking is rhetoric warfare class @BarackObama’s
Stupid! fees. user higher create and more even down market housing the slow will mortgages on banks the with settlement Billion $25 The
http://t.co/aqekhSle (cont) and brains big hearts big have We known. ever has world the freedom for force greatest the is country “Our
#TimeToGetTough created.’” ever God program ‘anti-poverty’ greatest the is ‘Marriage it put once someone “As
China. from threat the understands He today. CPAC at speech great a give will @MittRomney
http://t.co/83kLcFGp (cont) create you wealth the that thinks He us. to belongs wastes he money the that fact the respect doesn’t “Obama
http://t.co/tMvQdmEN politics and economy the @ApprenticeNBC discussing @piersmorgan with interview @CNN @IvankaTrump’s
http://t.co/YCk2rkDy (cont) #TimeToGetTough work." to back Americans get to is Security Social saving start can we way fastest "The
http://t.co/afROd8Id (cont) in allies spending big his and @BarackObama outnegotiate and tough get to how learn to needs GOP "The
Canada. like allies support and resources our use to need We high. record a at is Oil approved. be must Keystone
reviewed. be should are plans your solid how and situation financial your as such considerations so important is Timing @WyattBrian
ObamaCare. pass to supporters Catholic his to lied @BarackObama agenda: liberal his to victim another yet is Church The
http://t.co/GYyYIiBl (cont) focus energy me gives That doing. I'm what love I that is success my behind secret The @thecelidebiasio Q/A
overseas. go will jobs more even then economy the hits inflation When dollar. the destroying is Fed The
numbers. real the give I'd Yes @stalkinpeople Q/A
internationally. and nationally interviews for requests many great a receive I @saychowder Q/A
http://t.co/mzZpltxC budget. a pass should Senate the whether on opinion" "no has @BarackObama POTUS--and the only He's he? should Why
http://t.co/zv2NU36i (cont) "Mister series TV cancelled three his with along go to show cancelled another have soon will O'Donnell Lawrence
http://t.co/YFIg8Itq blog... video today's in Windfarms #trumpvlog
http://t.co/lDiOCgzS Church. Catholic the on attack ObamaCare's and primary GOP 2012 the discussing @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/hLPAPrkA loss. Senate @RickSantorum's and electability @MittRomney's discussing @TVAshleigh with interview @CNN My
http://t.co/GbAOxbOl (cont) passion. need You doing. you're what love to have you that is business for secret best My @cheatingdeam
http://t.co/jBUzBqFY (cont) endorse to as well should--as analysis--and political do to right the has citizen Every @bonniebell
http://t.co/I2xJ2daT MSNBC... of @Lawrence TV? on man dumbest the is Who
http://t.co/4vHyGBpR (cont) Touch. Midas Kiyosaki Robert with book my read to is entrepreneur young a to advice best The @JLukeRobinson
Collection. Signature Trump J. Donald the from suits wear I @Misterglorious
@JonHuntsman China! to country our away gave he no said I me. see to called Huntsman Jon
http://t.co/mKhhOzmw Tower-- Trump in today me to presented Sr. Teutul Paul that Bike Trump made custom the of picture a out Check
http://t.co/lT5MW2te (cont) It's jobs. kills and growth slows it does it time Every wallet. your pick-pocketing stop to needs "Government
http://t.co/M2oKfwWE blog... video today's in @RickSantorum on thoughts My #trumpvlog
http://t.co/NzxThJyH (cont) take to ready president a elect we whenever begin can charades currency its playing stop to China "Getting
http://t.co/WjpVcUCx (cont) 'onshoring'?" about talking we aren't Why outsourcing. about reading always of sick "I'm
@BarackObama repealed. full be must It church. Catholic the is victim latest The identity. country's our on attack an is ObamaCare
pilots. great two have already I @npbraden
somethiing. me pay should he Maybe hits. milion 40 over had has Trump Donald song his but @MacMiller met not have I @fatmaninaspeedo
culture. entitlement an creating is He http://t.co/5jw1VwdK office. taken has @BarackObama since 23% over surged has dependency Government
taken. she's Sorry @stass13
night. per sleep of hours four require only I @GrimeyGatsby
http://t.co/CLGMtf2M burns. country our while Room East WH the in cannon marshmallow a shooting yesterday work at hard @BarackObama
http://t.co/3PNhfjhw (cont) and schools best the of one to went I important. very is it priority high a has education parent a As @bats67
sense! made never charges accusers' His Kelly. Greg against charges no see to Glad
@marcaputo #sayfie job. wonderful guy Solid CPAC. at speaking is @FlaGovScott friend my see I
Trump. C. Fred father my with and for working was job first My @Miss_Drax
family. my with time spending is do to thing favorite my question your to answer In @IanBQueen
stink! ratings his why reasons all truth-- the fabricating likes he and journalist poor a is He man. smart a not He's @lawrence @nathanfuchs
teamwork! great @NYGiants Guy. Great Athlete. Great Manning. Eli
manipulation? currency their and China with tough getting about talks who guy only the @MittRomney is Why
#TrumpQandA time. any at questions me ask can You questions. answer to me asking been have people Many
http://t.co/r8H7db6X (cont) has magazine the and magazines major for most percent--2nd 20 down are sales Newstand failing. is Fair Vanity
job. good a doing man Good improving. are numbers poll @FLGovScott see I
vote. anti-Obama the in split a from benefiting @BarackObama risk won't I party--but third run didn't I disappointed are people many Many
China. with tough get will he because but issue every on him with agree I because not @MittRomney endorsed I
wasted? he has money our of billions many How http://t.co/USdEyWqs staff. off laying is recipient loan car green @BarackObama Another
numbers. job the trust Don't http://t.co/y2CYCdtI "recovery" @BarackObama's during force job the left have Americans million 1.2 record A
http://t.co/mAGDpGq4 (cont) #TimeToGetTough evaporated." has dominance manufacturing country's our that wonder any hardly "It's
http://t.co/lWiaWrhH (cont) program medicine socialized his have can @BarackObama that so system health-care finest world's the "Destroying
http://t.co/4EO1W6cK numbers jobless the manipulating is @BarackObama believe I
http://t.co/c3bVwRXr (cont) & Timepieces "Melania 2012 first her debut Trump Melania watch to network QVC the to EST AM 1 at tonight in Tune
http://t.co/TjEIIj7M (cont) @MittRomney's and Iran numbers unemployment real the Bowl Super the discussing interview @foxandfriends My
security. national our weakening is He http://t.co/fdsq6oc5 ours. cutting is @BarackObama force naval and air an building is China As
is! it way the not That's taxes. income higher commands Bible the that say to @BarackObama by used was Breakfast Prayer The
http://t.co/nWoyi3ui truth. the hide to numbers job the manipulating is @BarackObama shape. terrible in is economy The
http://t.co/HHsTz9FZ (cont) an done has @BarackObama America. in years 225 in accumulated we than debt more with children our saddled He's
http://t.co/pd2zbixD (cont) to stupid too You're @lawrence you. about care doesn't world viewers--the of group tiny your only world the Not
http://t.co/AyZ18mvL (cont) Trump." want They want? China in consumers the do what and truth the speak I but China of badly speak I "So
quarter. third the during aired which http://t.co/SYbI4Jrj commercial Bowl Super @CENTURY21 My
#OneTermFund http://t.co/2Xm9TRtk president term one a @BarackObama make Let’s victory. NV huge a on @MittRomney Congrats
http://t.co/wT0Yhv5j page. the “Like” and link following the click commercial #Superbowl best the for 21 CENTURY and me for vote To
http://t.co/ZPV0q43j @CENTURY21-- and me for Vote #SuperBowl
http://t.co/wT0Yhv5j @CENTURY21: & me for Vote voting! get to need you and #SuperBowl the during airing is ad @CENTURY21 The hired! You’re
recovery. economic @BarackObama's is This http://t.co/AsMhkOre year. next this 8.8% to rise will unemployment that predicted has CBO The
http://t.co/2UQmNYQG President great a make will he why and @MittRomney endorsed I why discussing @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/JKrLfFs3 (cont) taxpayers." off live to entitled are individuals says that mentality welfare the combat to have "We
http://t.co/g2YxEs9L decision my to came I how and @MittRomney of endorsement my discussing @TeamCavuto with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/8GxxZkN6 @BarackObama beat can he why and @MittRomney of endorsement my discussing @wolfblitzercnn with interview @CNNS My
http://t.co/aTCJYDvO (cont) words. his with uncomfortable totally looked he and -- Breakfast Prayer National the at @BarackObama watched I
http://t.co/2Ue2ueQ0 (cont) viewers 100000 lost has O'Donnell Lawrence meanwhile MSNBC "On 2011: Carter/Sept.26 Times/Bill York New The
morning. this @todayshow state--see a is Vegas Las thinks @chucktodd eyed Sleepy
http://t.co/2SxSpAXk (cont) poor for air the off thrown be soon will @Lawrence television on commentator political dumbest the bet I
http://t.co/AdV6ruj3 @MittRomney. of endorsement my Watch
http://t.co/5ESjZpzh (cont) Vegas Las Tower & Hotel International Trump at PST pm 12:30 at today announcement major a making be will I
http://t.co/meoQ0Uco (cont) & Hotel International Trump at pm 12:30 at 2) February (Thursday tomorrow announcement major a making be will I
http://t.co/Edj4uML3 blog.... video today's in record dismal @BarackObama's #trumpvlog
him! negotiates out Taliban The http://t.co/Pb0RVJyO Taliban. the to back detainees Taliban senior 5 release to wants @BarackObama He
http://t.co/P71gzhvm deficit. budget trillion $1 a of year fourth record a set will @BarackObama reckless: is spending His
coincidence! a What http://t.co/hWwr1CR0 Solyndra to linked directly are bundlers campaign largest @BarackObama's of Shocking--two
http://t.co/sldeJ9ks (cont) get to going not they're know they and pressure economic to respond smart--they are Chinese the is: point "The
http://t.co/jObffdOi (cont) #TimeToGetTough self-reliance." of virtue the in belief deep our of because powerhouse a became "America
http://t.co/Yy6GNcx3 http://t.co/Cp9wfF71 #TimeToGetTough before." it done We've off. back Chinese the make can negotiator tough "A
http://t.co/asuQPlKW morning this @SquawkBox on was I
http://t.co/dZQAWrIv (cont) FL the and numbers unemployment market housing national the discussing @TeamCavuto with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/4kU9UYYm OPEC and @ApprenticeNBC primary FL the National Trump to next cemetery a building discussing interview @jrg710 My
http://t.co/TxWsEd3M (cont) the turned regulators European company. German a by owned be won't Exchange Stock York New the that news Great
pressure. under well performed He Florida. in win impressive an for @MittRomney to Congratulations
http://t.co/n9hCp1Q3 (cont) even an is he Sadly out. forced was who critic theatre poor a was @frankrichny Times York New the of Formerly
http://t.co/zW1zW2LC bill. another to it linking by Keystone pass MUST @johnboehner Keystone:
out! banks the bailed we why is This downturn. its continue will economy the otherwise again lending start to need banks The
disaster! a What http://t.co/Vzswqker Agreement. David Camp the cancel will Egypt in allies @BarackObama's Brotherhood Muslim The
http://t.co/qidedc41 (cont) @BarackObama: with problems biggest the of one That's instincts. right the possess to has chief in commander A
http://t.co/hrRCEeDk (cont) damage." tremendous doing it's already and yet in kicked even hasn't Obamacare that is incredible "What's
http://t.co/IEdIgBEc (cont) of welfare on life a that think to Americans able-bodied encourage to government the for immoral simply is "It
http://t.co/i9FqjDUO warfare. class playing and capitalism on attack failures economic @BarackObama's discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/fpz77v3M primary. Florida the and taxes @MittRomney's endorsement GOP possible my discussing interview @foxandfriends My
@BarackObama. beat to candidate right the need We closely. very results primary GOP the watching be will I today. Florida on are eyes All
America...http://t.co/7qrilC0x Morning Good on morning this appearance My
http://t.co/Wjgn7hhJ (cont) today. opens Toronto Tower & Hotel International Trump Toronto: for and us for day big a is Today
ally. an was He out? Mubarak force @BarackObama did Why http://t.co/QczymGts election. the through Egypt over taking are Islamists The
high. gas of price the driving and jobs 20000 over America costing is @BarackObama Congress. through approved be must Keystone
reelected. be not must He target. main the is @BarackObama that remember to need candidates The nasty. very getting is primary GOP The
family. beautiful a has @RickSantorum recovering. is Santorum Bella hear to Glad
http://t.co/2ezHBDnn (cont) lies government Chinese Communist the that surprise no it's and gigantic is China from threat military "The
http://t.co/HFw1bcye happy? @BarackObama Is 45%. up handouts Federal 45%. up stamps Food
http://t.co/uWvNbjpq collection.... 2012 Spring @IvankaTrump's of video shoot photo this out Check
dollars. tax our waste to loves He http://t.co/uAWmzFoG bankrupt. went just $118M gave @BarackObama that firm car electric Another
terrific.http://bit.ly/w06T9F is Sean TV. on is it here radio on @hannityshow with chat my missed who those For
http://t.co/QKVSiumO stronger. is economy claims @BarackObama flawed...but been has presidency his admits He
http://t.co/D8jdVB0L primary. GOP and economy the #TimeToGetTough @ApprenticeNBC season's this discussing @seanhannity with interview My
them. for paying are we that is problem The http://t.co/lcZldpnK @BarackObama. admits day" every hour "every mistake a makes He
tonight. @AccessHollywood on spot Bowl Super #C21 my from clip the Watch
http://t.co/GnlQDDdj #TimeToGetToughhttp://t.co/Yy6GNcx3 world." the with wrong what's not is America Obama: President for news got "I've
http://t.co/HD827UEk (cont) total a been has @BarackObama jobs American create to industry energy the using to comes it when "Sadly
http://t.co/tHXcRowx (cont) around kicked and abused be to America allowed has Obama way disgraceful—the and sad sad—truly “It’s
@FoxNews. on ET 9PM at tonight @Hannityshow on me Watch
http://t.co/RCymV2v1 (cont) values’ ‘American not values’ ‘universal supports he that stated Ambassador Russian @BarackObama’s
http://t.co/RGWYMt3D (cont) America’s power could we States United the in have we reserves gas natural the with that know you “Did
#TimeToGetTough people.” American the with level and straight shoot will who people Washington in grown-ups more need “We
http://t.co/tp2sOxP8 false 100% is overseas” profits and jobs moving for breaks tax get “companies that claim SOTU @BarackObama’s
money. our spending likes only he guess I http://t.co/C3rtWcoT 2004 through 2000 from charity to income his of 1% gave @BarackObama
year. election an in ratings deliver even can't He http://t.co/qaDYZgZD 2011 from 12% down were ratings SOTU @BarackObama’s
http://t.co/mt92sPxx policy China his and SOTU @BarackObama’s POTUS for run to me wanting @IvankaTrump discussing interview @gretawire My
http://t.co/k9G6LhAA electability @newtgingrich's and primary GOP the discussing week the in earlier from interview @SquawkCNBC My
http://t.co/O7RxKFGb @WSJ... the from story great this out Check
http://t.co/RRgM3Xxr article.... @WSJ great a and Apple address Union the of State the on thoughts My #trumpvlog
that. believe really anyone Does Israel. of friend a is he that claimed @BarackObama SOTU his in night Last
http://t.co/oenlVsr8 (cont) a barrels 700000 pipeline. the servicing jobs 50000 another jobs direct 20000 create would pipeline Keystone
accountable. be must He companies. risky and technologies unproven on dollars tax our wasting on intent stil is @BarackObama Solyndra After
terrible. is it knows he Even SOTU. his in night last ObamaCare mention to failed @BarackObama how Notice
http://t.co/OKTen2ah (cont) clueless surprisingly appears also Obama is he savvy tech and hip how showcase to likes who president a "For
Tom. for up is time Sadly father). (Mitt's "George" Romney Mitt calling keeps Brokaw Tom
http://t.co/EgEPxBvW (cont) afford." longer no can they employees off lay to owners business force is does businesses on taxes raising "All
http://t.co/mypPDikz (cont) work." doesn't It them. create who those against but jobs "for" be can't you know They smart. are "People
bad! Very bureaucrats. more and spending more govt more for proposals was SOTU the in heard I All
http://t.co/QW78vJja listen. should I Maybe President. for run should I thinks Ivanka daughter My
it. on billions wasted have would @BarackObama then because wind and panels solar by powered wasn't Keystone shame a is It
Keystone. approve won't still he and POTUS been has @BarackObama while doubled than more has gas of gallon A
control. any without ground the into country this spend to continues He budget. a passed has @BarackObama since days 1000 been has It
warfare. class play and record his about dissemble to continue will He Keystone. about talk won't @BarackObama SOTU his in Tonight
http://t.co/nghoarxU (cont) creates that money the away takes it investors from capital robs government When capital. requires "Capitalism
http://t.co/HvN8iKcu (cont) and ground the into country this spent has He disaster. total a been has @BarackObama deal: the here's "Look
http://t.co/Nhxn3cVh (cont) through Canada ally our of instead off us ripping is who OPEC from crude buying keep to Americans wants Obama
weak. America makes policy energy His pipeline. Keystone the approve won't @BarackObama and Hormuz of Strait the shut to threatening is Iran
before. adversity from back come he's but by@MittRomney had was week tough A
http://t.co/eorZoVnw (cont) more spending and government point--expanding the isn't money saving administration @BarackObama the "To
http://t.co/193US9wf (cont) and negotiate we that way the is respect don't I What China. represent that people the for respect great have "I
http://t.co/8QvnXH54 (cont) it." buying aren't workers collar blue jobs" collar "green with obsessed is Obama "While
race.http://bit.ly/xoFMs6 the change would Carolina South in @newtgingrich that predicted I where Friday from interview @Newsmax_Media My
now. Florida on are eyes All Carolina. South in win stunning a on @newtgingrich to Congratulations
learn? we will http://t.co/OGSjTB3zWhen body. government US another hacked has China
it. see they when deal good a knows China least At Keystone. rejected @BarackObama because China to oil its sell now will Canada
@BarackObama. for celebration for cause a is $500M losing guess I http://t.co/qDbMIJ4W Solyndra defends ad campaign new Obama's
self-defense. to right Israel's not threat the is program nuclear Iran's Iran. on Israel pressuring publicly stop should House White The
http://t.co/ktuG7LtP (cont) right is it as divided as country the seen never I've politics in participating and business in years my all "In
http://t.co/K7vvbzEF (cont) #TimeToGetTough enemy." the them considers and businesspeople against vendetta a has who president a have "We
to? supposed is she or he than more pay President potential a would Why interest. carried on 15% pay individuals requires law The
fantasy. a in lives He World. Disney in is @BarackObama today and levels record at rise to continues debt national The
hiding? he is What transcripts? his release @BarackObama will When
oil. cheaper and jobs 20000 vetos @BarackObama decision? Keystone the with politics Playing
guy! great a is @GovernorPerry him--- have to lucky is Texas
http://t.co/YRcqKNbG (cont) #TimeToGetTough own." our of care take we that pride national of point a it's And heart. big a has country ""Our
http://t.co/AFAb8liv (cont) accomplishes seniors terifies that language crazy Using speak. we way the in smart be to have Conservatives
http://t.co/iiFIXAwB http://t.co/qBeBASH5 #TimeToGetTough before." it done We've off. back Chinese the make can negotiator tough "A
patriot. a and family great a man good Perry--a Rick
http://t.co/gs2Yzmmn (cont) and jobs 20000 than important more is Re-election pipeline Keystone the discussing @gretawire with @FoxNews My
http://t.co/xqRdhgPe (cont) ideological bizarre of sort some pursuing with concerned more is who president a have we that is problem “The
http://t.co/6hW0AcJE (cont) systematic its manipulation currency outrageous its in States United the to threats big three presents “China
@FoxNews. on ET 10PM at tonight @gretawire with interview my to Listen
http://t.co/01D4xz1G Thursday. on World Disney in plan tourism a unveiling is @BarackObama
coup! diplomatic Another http://t.co/fa5eQMAu model. miniature a returning are They back. drone our for Iran ‘asked’ @BarackObama
#TimeToGetTough under.” go would it does government the way the operated business any if obvious the state “To
http://t.co/3V7gP6Aw Jan.19 on @CarnegieHall debut @FollowLola chairing & Award Achievement Lifetime @AmericanCancer Receiving
http://t.co/C777DdcO (cont) China to oil their sell to looking now is Canada so Pipeline Keystone the approve won’t @BarackObama
http://t.co/D0GB6BJf (cont) our waste to loves He http://t.co/pNoN041D program energy @BarackObama the in Solyndras more 11 are There
http://t.co/dXRxZm8N cancer breast fighting cause- good a for auction at helmet and jersey Tebow's Tim bought I
http://t.co/O5S4cQV3 (cont) what and dollars of billions and billions them given We’ve friend. our not is Pakistan straight: it “Get
#TimeToGetTough dealmaker.” international lousy a is man the but organizer’ ‘community good a been have may “@BarackObama
http://t.co/Jm3YSf7h (cont) cold stone a is @Rosie ratings. poor such with long for going keep can't "dead"- is show O'Donnell's Rosie
http://t.co/8cZb7pXX themselves..... not @BarackObama defeat must Republicans The #trumpvlog
http://t.co/g58AxsTQ loomed crisis financial the as laughing be to Geithner show documents released Newly
http://t.co/CysDG1by (cont) $1.2Trillion another debt the raise to authority the @BarackObama give NOT should Republicans The
9/11. facilitated Taliban--who the enemy sworn our with negotiating also is he military the slashing is @BarackObama While
http://t.co/Je0fNsku (cont) who Washington in politicians by ill-served and countries other by used around pushed been we've long too "For
http://t.co/zJo7h70o (cont) nation." prosperous once our create to Americans of generations led what is ethic work American "The
http://t.co/S8XxN8Jj (cont) #TimeToGetTough even. passionately--fiercely it protect you something love you when And America. love "I
! Fi Semper investigated. not praised be should USMC them. coddle not Taliban the kill to sent are Marines Our
Mistake! entrepreneurship. and enterprise free on attack an Bain at record @MittRomney on attacks Newt
leadership. real need --we come--@BarackObama to problems of yesterday--lots Tehran in exploded car scientist's nuclear Iranian An
http://t.co/J0QeWXy3 (cont) to Patrols Hormuz for pays US as Iraq and Iran from oil cheap gets China off! ripped getting always is US The
people! the of man a is He party. Wonderland in Alice extravagant an held @BarackObama 2009 in 10% over unempoyment With
http://t.co/5DgPm6Ig (cont) our in face Forces Armed our realities and challenges the respects who chief in commander a deserves America
#TimeToGetTough. of copy pre-signed a buy can you Streets) 57th and 56th between Avenue (Fifth Tower Trump by stop you If
@JonHuntsman! is So http://t.co/uk18GlYr president as @BarackObama with satisfied are voters NH @JonHuntsman's of 51%
http://t.co/Gy6SVjHK (cont) cronies his to it funneling not wisely money your spending and saving in pride take should president real "A
http://t.co/4dCNnx00 (cont) more it make and fraud the out root must We stay. to here is Security Social right: it had Reagan "President
prices? gas high want he Does Pipeline. Keystone the approve won't still @BarackObama And $102/Barrel. over to oil raised just has OPEC
Iran? by over taken get to about is & oil any us give didn't out us kicked country the when Iraq in embassy $1Billion a building we are Why
agenda. his pass to manage can't @BarackObama why reason the of Part President: being of years 3 than less in Staffs of Chief 3
debates. future in spoken Mandarin more any hear to have won't we Hopefully today. make to decision major a has Hampshire New
success. a is he why That's up. gives never and quits never He field. the on out everything lays He winner. a is @TimTebow why is This
http://t.co/llf7qiPE (cont) put has America on inflicted have president a of disaster this and Repubicans weak Democrats that damage "The
http://t.co/MNYzYmag (cont) can who and free and safe strong America keep can who done things get to how knows who president a need "We
http://t.co/tbPUSXzm (cont) America's that understand must president next The tough. get we that require will wealth American "Restoring
http://t.co/MTRS1is2 primary NH the and endorsement GOP potential my discuss I where @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/bDO8zbsn law the from companies 1200 over waived has @BarackObama that treasure national a such is ObamaCare
vote? to not http://t.co/q7YTPAqCbut cleaner drain a buy to ID photo a need you do Why
http://t.co/sEgPkhmY (cont) of salaries the raising while spending military from dollars Trillion a slash to wants @BarackObama Priorities:
http://t.co/waQFHBze (cont) all conveniently were winners The House. White the in lunch a for donors with raffle a held @BarackObama ???
#TimeToGetTough disaster." total a been has Obama jobs American create to industry energy the using to comes it when "Sadly
http://t.co/BFMOkkBI (cont) truly the since come to yet is part worst the And jobs. destroying is Obamacare jobs new creating of "Instead
http://t.co/pFs9f6hk morning this from interview @foxandfriends My
#TimeToGetTough jobs." kills and growth slows it does it time Every wallet. your pick-pocketing stop to needs "Government
tonight! @Gretawire on interview my watch to sure Be
http://t.co/0t0T3Wa0 (cont) Department...bad Defense the - half in cut can he program government a found actually has @BarackObama - AMAZING
http://t.co/bTLMPdWz Trump" Donald goes "Huntsman - flattery of form sincerest the is Imitation
http://t.co/xZSqEBK9 ground. the into country this spend will mortgages--he off pay taxpayers the we have to planning is @BarackObama Now
#TimeToGetTough action." decisive take to ready president a elect we whenever begin can charades currency its playing stop to China "Getting
#TimeToGetTough protection." the for pay should countries those them protecting forces armed our from benefit countries other "If
#TimeToGetTough don't." them of many too checks send to happy government the with But should. work to ability the have who "People
dollars----Unbelievable! of millions taxpayers costing is vacation @BarackObama's President
http://t.co/3ZzYo1VP sanctions. Iranian against pressure ease to order in up gold of price the driving is China
http://t.co/pdeRzTC1 yet! season best the for prepared 12--be Feb. begins Apprentice Celebrity the of season new The
http://t.co/9feMKt7E (cont) the of prices the into absorbed are taxes and fees government hidden many how just understood Americans "If
http://t.co/tg0kBjzQ (cont) it that is oil the taking of advanage another debt national our reducing beyond and justice simple "Beyond
#TimeToGetTough laughingstock." a into America turned that failure horrible a was Iran to up stand Russia have to plan "Obama's
http://t.co/TcxbBJQA field primary GOP the discuss and Apprentice Celebrity of cast new the reveal I where interview @todayshow My
http://t.co/YW5q4n3X (cont) a as three send should We Hormuz. of Strait the into back carrier aircraft an send to not US the warned has Iran
herself. on money taxpayer of spender excellent an is She Excellency."http://t.co/IfFqchF7 "Your as addressed be to likes Obama Michelle
him). (or campaign his about cares nobody that is problem His yesterday. said @JonHuntsman what is poll straw Iowa the about cares" "Nobody
http://t.co/Xd69CFKu morning this twitter on trend ten top a be to continues Apprentice Celebrity
her. rejected people and disloyalty great showed it debate Newsmax the do didn't she when race--- prez of out dropped just Bachmann Michele
obvious. so money--and and lives of waste a apart--what falling quickly is it and Iraq left We
http://t.co/6x6RYJPG (cont) national defined clearly with leaders strong require nations strong that it's anything us teaches history "If
#TimeToGetTough Forces." Armed our of women and men million 2.4 the for respect and admiration much so have "I
#TimeToGetTough losses." fast unusually America and gains fast unusually experienced has China @BarackObama President "Under
@BarackObama. beat to chance zero has He enemies. our for true come dream a is policy foreign @RonPaul's ignored: be should He
woman! nice her--a for sad Very Poll. Straw Ames the in did she than Caucus the in votes more 1200 than less got Bachmann Michele
winner! a Iowa of out coming for @RickSantorum to Congratulations
http://t.co/hSqdnyo2 recalled being all are cars in plug Finnish funded American $500Billion triumph--the investment @BarackObama Another
http://t.co/OYguEeFD behalf. my on Party Great" America "Make create to Texas in papers filed have supporters Texas that honored am I
dollar. for dollar donation any match to offered has @JonHuntsman much: spend to have won't he knows He
http://t.co/Vxx9Pcvz (cont) on America put would that policies for voice tremendous a is she importantly More @SarahPalinUSA. friend: good A
Michele. for over is it Sadly boss. terrible a and disloyal is she because Iowa in tonight last dead finish will Bachmann Michele
#TimeToGetTough system" the clogging waste tremendous the eliminate to need we afford can we government a have "To
Tough #TimeToGet wave.'" crime stamp 'food massive a in ushering are policies stamp food Obama's that reported has Journal Street Wall "The
#TimeToGetTough work" doesn't it problem: one Just tax. tax everything--tax for have they solution same the is solution Democrats' "The
tuned! Stay show. television a about announcement major a make to morning tomorrow @todayshow the on be will I
http://t.co/6NYA7JtZ lose must @BarackObama why and options 2012 my primary GOP the discussing @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/HwnskYQT caucus Iowa the and filing Texas Again" Great America "Make the discussing interview @foxandfriends My
needed. is outsider and thinker great A abuse. and fraud waste spending government in rein never will Establishment Washington The
them. defends @BarackObama and blind us robbing is China manipulator? currency a as China classify finally government US the will When
drain. the down goes America while work escape to golf plays @BarackObama shape. great in is company My relax. to golf play I
veterans. Afghanistan and Iraq returning for parade a hold should NYC
not. hope right---I I'm if see Let's him. married she when mistake big a made Perry Katy but Brand Russell like I
sad. very control--very take soon will Iran and Iraq in lives precious and billions wasted America
http://t.co/FflwOekU (cont) one issued he Christmas--however for statement special a issue not did @BarackObama - wrong is TPM right I'm
http://t.co/3GS8TRgM Tasty. America. in meatloaf best the has Club Mar-a-Lago The
@TimeToGetTough. in Iraq of collapse the and Deserve" We America "The book my in America on attack 9/11 the predicted I
states. 50 all in ballot the on candidate Presidential Indy an put to track on Elect Americans
http://t.co/A5DGJvhP (cont) end the by $16.4Trillion over to limit debt our raise to requested has country:@BarackObama our destroying is He
#TimeToGetTough work." of benefits the gain who individuals self-sufficient independent become to people poor help we that important "It's
http://t.co/KhujI5YC (cont) going is Iraq leave. to asked except Iraqis the from anything get didn't we and Iraq in projects oil 5 has China
Greece. be soon will we or in reined be to has Fed The come. to years the in problems cause will policies monetary reckless Fed's The
http://t.co/DodG53Rx Christmas. for one issue to failed but Kwanza for statement a issued @BarackObama mistake: convenient a What
http://t.co/173fGaoU Survey Awards Best World’s 2012 Leisure’s + Travel in hotels COLLECTION HOTEL TRUMP favorite your for Vote
@TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpLasVegas @TrumpNewYork Congrats World! the in Hotels Best 500 @TravlandLeisure tops @TrumpCollection
http://t.co/SSvY2HNh (cont) cuts. defense for time no is Now fleet. naval our expand must We abroad. bases military its expanding is China
http://t.co/v4rOQ4jk (cont) keeps China members. million 3 all of information the has now and Commerce of Chamber U.S. the hacked China
Dumb. No. says Obama But prices. gas lower and jobs 20000 create will pipeline Keystone The
it. called alone I remember please and one this called I Sadly troops. our of withdrawal after weeks 2 only Iraq in collapsing Govt.
unemployment. 20% is there while +++ milion $4 taxpayers costing is vacation This Hawaii. in now is @BarackObama vacationer habitual The
independent. to registration voter my changed I defeated is @BarackObama that guarantee and options my preserve to order In
No! says @BarackObama East. Middle the from dependent energy less us make and jobs 20000 create will pipeline Keystone The
immediately. taxes gain capital and corporate lower should We economy. vibrant and robust a with is Medicare preserve to way safest The
http://t.co/y2dRr57G occupation. year 9 a for Iraq pay we that demand Taliban the enemy our not is Taliban the that says Biden after week A
http://t.co/eKd7gzXI struggling are Americans when vacation Hawaii his for millions pay will taxpayers DC in stays @BarackObama if Even
#TimeToGetTough taxes.” federal and local state in cents 45.8 pay you car your in put you gas of gallon every for that fact the “Consider
#TimeToGetTough do.” consumers bill the foot who ones the aren’t companies end the in that is rates tax corporate high about thing “The
http://t.co/CELNUe0O (cont) also He’s enemy. the them considers and businesspeople against vendetta a has who president a have “We
country. this about cares who anyone for gift great A season. holiday the of present best the is #TimeToGetTough book new My
http://t.co/xeI2wDHk (cont) now and Iraqis the from nothing got We unraveling. already is country the Iraq leave we after week a than Less
http://t.co/lLvVLX4E win. can candidate party 3rd a how and delusional is @BarackObama how discussing @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
disrespectful. very Very Congress. before shirt blue his protruding--in disgusting--nipples looked Frank Barney
http://t.co/XjugMNK9 feat! major A ballot. 2012 California the on spot a winning for @AmericansElect to Congratulations
ever. POTUS best 4th the is he that believes @BarackObama delusional: is He
http://t.co/vP4bo45p this? decide people American the did When enemy. our aren't Taliban the that comments Biden's defended yesterday WH The
#TimeToGetTough will." inevitably it as mess bigger even an into grows it before now killed be to has "Obamacare
#TimeToGetTough negotiation." to comes it when clueless are Congress in Republicans some is truth sad "The
joined. who thousands the to Thanks Coalition. Freedom and Faith @ralphreed's with Hall Tele-Town night's last enjoyed really I
Iraq. from oil the take t didn't we believe can't still I
http://t.co/Bq0GXn1j http://t.co/IgnuA6M8 Iraq and plans 2012 my #TimeToGetTough discussing @ASavageNation with interview My
choice...http://amzn.to/sNqlFH great a is #TimeToGetTough book new my shopping minute last For
http://t.co/TdkHJRKA (cont) highs. record Both average. $3.50/gallon on car the up filling year this $4155 spent has family average The
http://t.co/KB1FinI0 (cont) calls he Now NBC. for Apprentice the of success great the for me thanked once Brokaw mouth" his in "marbles Tom
statement. Biden's view attack under are that Afghanistant in troops our how wonder I enemy.' our not 'is Taliban the that said Biden Joe
Jesus. mention to failed but @BarackObama homage pays tree Christmas Capitol U.S. The shock! a What
us. to belongs wastes he money the that fact the respect doesn't @BarackObama gov't. the to belongs create you wealth the that thinks He
http://t.co/D66nscyB (cont) the that fact the respect doesn't government--@BarackObama the to belongs create you wealth the that thinks "He
#TimeToGetTough don't." them of many too checks send to happy government the with But should. work to ability the have who "People
#TimeToGetTough enemies?" our funding are we that realize and up wake to going we are "When
http://t.co/V6RmNj7x Amazon on order to easy #TimeToGetTough book new my is idea gift great A
http://t.co/KZQuLCMj list. 30 Under 30 @Forbes on being for @erictrump of proud all We're
everyone."#TimeToGetTough to apply that rules fair having requires trade free fact: plain a "It's
#TimeToGetTough investment." and savings growth encourages that smart--one and fair is that system tax a need "We
China? taxing we aren't why --22%-- US the from imports taxing China
believable! oil--not the without Iraq left Dummies
so. you told leave---I we after day one turmoil political in Iraq
http://t.co/YDEIKzG6 job! great a done He's list. 30 under 30 Forbes the making for Eric son my to Congratulations
destroyed. be will healthcare or repealed fully be must Obamacare yesterday. panels' 'death have does ObamaCare that admited Frank Barney
wrong. plain Just vacation. Hawaii his on money our of million $4 spending is @BarackObama debt in trillion $15 and deficit record a With
http://t.co/2B7fY0WI debate. @FoxNews the about thought really I what him told I @americanowradio- on Dean Andy with interview My
http://t.co/owXU5vwh debate. @FoxNews night's last about talking today ET 6:30 at Dean Andy with @americanowradio on be I'll
watch. just leaders our and off us rip to excuse any uses OPEC improving.' is economy US 'signs on $94/barrel at crude setting is OPEC
@BarackObama leaders. inept our at laughing is trucks--22%--China and cars US on tariff a put just China
Sad! work. didn't gravitas--it for debate a in name my used @JonHuntsman lightweight The
http://t.co/YwKcaMf0 (cont) why see can I debates. the in China on responses worst the give to continues @JonHuntsman lightweight: total A
http://t.co/l8SK99ww Learned' I've What '@DonaldJTrumpJr: - piece @Esquiremag Great
http://t.co/9oo3YzMB 2011' of People Fascinating 'Most special @ABC her in @BarbaraJWalters with interview My
#TimeToGetTough America. about exceptional or special nothing there's that view his is Obama with beef biggest my maybe But
http://t.co/Nc2SuTOf (cont) federal the of function important most single the why That's dead. you're if nothing mean liberties civil Your
-RushLimbaugh family!" and friends your with it share but #TImeToGetTough read just Don't people. of lot a rock will book this believe "I
patriots. fellow meet to great is It signings. book #TimeToGetTough the at lines long the in waited has who everyone to Thanks
year. last Party Tea the vilified but OWS celebrates @TIME year. the of person the as Protester' 'The made @TIME biased: So
http://t.co/YbFa0LD6 (cont) socialist European like more acted we if off better be would America that thinks: @BarackObama what is This
Reagan. Ronald be would @BarackObama then jobs created memoirs and speeches If
http://t.co/9ghflFLP laughing.... is China #trumpvlog
http://t.co/1c9yApM4 (cont) get parents--- girlfriend’s @Rosie’s To state. bad a in she’s @Rosie help to psychiatrist a send Please
http://t.co/F3PJhZnr (cont) lonely. very is @Lawrence week. all @MSNBCtv on @Lawrence watch than rally @JonHuntsman a attend people More
breakdown. a not hopefully herself-- of control lost totally has she done has @Rosie sack sad tweets of number the With
radio. for made face a has he ratings- bad tv- off be soon will @Lawrence #noratings
#TimeToGetTough Period." necessary. means all and any stopped--by be must program nuclear Iran's how: know I as plainly as this put me "Let
2PM to 12PM from Tower Trump at today more meet to wait Can't signings. book #TimeToGetTough the at patriots fellow meet to great is It
Tower 2pm/Trump to noon from today one another doing I'm that popular so was #TimeToGetTough for Tower Trump at signing book first The
pm 2 until noon from #TimeToGetTough book my of copies signing be I'll -- 57) and 56 betw Ave (5th Tower Trump in tomorrow you see to Hope
hours. of couple a vacation Hawaii day 17 his delaying is He much. so sacrificed has @BarackObama vacationer habitual The
nukes?! with do will they what Imagine exercise. military a for Hormuz of Strait the closing is Iran
first. China to it show will drone--they our return to Iran "asked" @BarackObama when laughed Mullahs The
#TimeToGetTough taxpayers." off live to entitled are individuals says that mentality welfare the combat to have "We
read! should Prez be to wants who Anyone signings. book #TimeToGetTough my in people wonderful many so meet to great been has It
Iraq."#TimeToGetTough with plan cost-sharing a out hammering by first oil the over take we say I oil the over take to going is Iran if "So
http://t.co/r7JWwoAY @lawrence...... about this Read
http://t.co/SD6NqxZR options 2012 my and primary GOP #TimeToGetTough discussing @RedState of @EWErickson with interview My
http://t.co/Kq7FKBnc 2012 for available options my all keeping am I that explaining @gretawire with interview @FoxNews My
same. the of more get will you or anymore shows talk on name my mention don't and ratings horrible your on focus and @rosie time your Save
talented. or funny not are You it. make never will you @Rosie #badratings
tv..... for long not 10pm- at worse) failing(even is and 8pm at failed show @Lawrence's #badratings
loser. true @Rosie--a with being daughter their of thought the at devastated are parents whose love in partner new 's Rosie for sorry feel I
http://t.co/GWGw43UH debate Newsmax-@iontv the moderating be not will I why discussing @TeamCavuto with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/VEEHngHq Again" #1 America Making Tough: Get To "Time book new my out Check
nomination. Presidential Elect Americans the seek to me urging folks from e-mails of Thousands
http://t.co/KCVRNBJa @rosie..... and @lawrence ratings- bad same name last Same #trumpvlog
options. my him--preserving match can I @BarackObama. re-elected: get to B $1 spend will he says He
2pm. to noon from 57) and 56 between Avenue (5th Tower Trump at tomorrow @TimeToGetTough book new my of copies signing be I'll
overseas. from back jobs our bring to again products own our making start and code tax the simplify must We 20%. is unemployment Real
http://t.co/vaJaeKjf Thursday.... and Tonight signings- book Two Area- NY #trumpvlog
oil. with back us pay them have should we Iraqis-- the from nothing gotten have We @BarackObama. yesterday? Iran to over Iraq handed Who
http://t.co/PO61leR7 debate"..... "great the cancelled I Why #trumpvlog
there. you see to Hope pm. 6-8 from NY Westbury in Road Country Old 1250 on Costco at tonight signing book my forget Don't
#TimeToGetTough drone the return to Iran for "asked" has president@BarackObama stupid very a is think they what at laughing are Mullahs The
#TimeToGetTough jobs destroyed and ground the into country this spent has He disaster. total a been has @BarackObama deal: the here's Look
#TimeToGetTough. deals. smart make and innovatively think to how knows who House White the in dealmaker a need We
pm 8 to pm 6 from Rd Country Old 1250 Costco at Westbury in #TimeToGetTough of copies signing be will I Tonight
worry. Don't holidays. for ordered been have copies More week. first the in #TimeToGetTough of out sold @Amazon
http://t.co/ROcUyAXe 23:00) at debate(starts Newsmax-@iontv the and primary GOP the #TimeToGetTough discussing @theviewtv on interview My
http://t.co/yqIzaX1W polls primary GOP the determining is debate Newsmax-@iontv how discussing interview @foxandfriends my from clip A
control. of out simply is He combined. Presidents 42 first the than years 3 in debt more accumulated has @BarackObama
out. it taken have should He Chinese. the to straight going is it Now drone? our keep Iran let @BarackObama did Why
loyalty. No debate. Newsmax-@iontv the declined she yet Tower Trump in times 4 her hosted and @TeamBachmann with tele-townhall a on was I
debate. re @AndrewBreitbart negative. very is and watch few that network a -- MSNBC to no say they'd integrity any have guys these If
http://t.co/ZafIoWf2 debate Newsmax-@iontv the and primary GOP the #TimeToGetTough discussing Imus Don with interview FoxBusiness My
http://t.co/TotTpvNZ debate Newsmax-@iontv the and election 2012 the discussing @megynkelly with interview @FoxNews My
group. great a is Express Party Tea The debate. Newsmax-iontv the endorsed has Kremer Amy @OurCountryPAC's that Excited
Sad. December. late in Hawaii in vacation to wants @BarackObama early? weeks two House White the in held celebration Hanukah the was Why
@RickSantorum http://t.co/DNMo2oHe) "hypocrites" skippers debate Trump calls Santorum
http://t.co/zJdfkZQ4 @RickSantorum. debate: Newsmax-@iontv the on point strong a making Santorum Rick
House. the in work great doing been has He debate. Newsmax-@iontv the endorsed has @SteveKingIA Congressman Iowa
signing! book #TimeToGetTough for Tower Trump at crowd great A
group. great a is Express Party Tea The debate. Newsmax-@iontv the endorsed has Kremer @Amy @OurCountryPAC's that Excited
http://t.co/wTsxEUo9 now... right NYC in Tower Trump at signing book the at crowd The #TimeToGetTough
http://t.co/PQwVDxVb Laden Bin killing for credit deserve doesn't @BarackObama why @CNNSitRoom on @wolfblitzercnn to explained I Yesterday
http://t.co/AEZpT1Go election 2012 the and @NewtGingrich meeting #TimeToGetTough discussing Gambling Jon with @WOR710 on interview My
#TimeToGetTough. read should they then @BarackObama defeat to wants really Establishment GOP the If
@BarackObama. defeating and China and OPEC with dealing debt the security national taxes on solutions bold presents #TimeToGetTough
Tower. Trump in here pm 2 to 11am at starting @TImeToGetTough signing book for me join to sure be started has line the like Looks
Streets... 57th and 56th between Avenue Fifth 725 at located is Tower Trump
pm. 2 to am 11 from Tough" Get To "Time book new my of copies signing be I'll -- today Tower Trump by stop to sure Be
#TimeToGetTough there. you see to Hope pm. 2 to am Tower--11 Trump at today Tough" Get To "Time book new my of copies signing be I'll
there. you see to Hope pm. 2 to am Tower--11 Trump in tomorrow Tough" Get To "Time book new my of copies signing be I'll
@ralphreed informative." and balanced fair be will 12-27 on IA in debate pres its and and org news great a is "Newsmax
@ralphreed informative. and balanced fair be will 27 Dec on IA in debate pres its and organization news great a is Newsmax
violence." "workplace massacre Hood Ft. the calling is He Islam? radical defend to continue @BarackObama does Why
dollars. tax our with it for paid warfare--we class playing speech Tuesday @BarackObama's of part worst the is what know You
http://t.co/WIPh6ukw article great a with debate Newsmax-@iontv the endorsed has adviser Reagan former Lord Jeffrey
organization. great a is FFC debate. Newsmax-@iontv the of endorsement FFC's the and @ralphreed have to Happy
http://t.co/M3fKc3Bh winter Islamist the and @Israel #TimeToGetTough discussing @DavidBrody with interview upcoming my of clip A
http://t.co/AkcMZp0I (cont) perh… that audience diverse the consider is debate a hosting Trump of idea this about appealing bit a is "What
http://t.co/3uOeEi7A economy the and GOP the #TimeToGetTough debate Newsmax-@iontv the discussing @PiersTonight with interview @CNN My
terrific. is Sarah debate. Newsmax-@iontv the of endorsement @SarahPalinUSA's have to Excited
http://t.co/ZcLi9LI5 race 2012 the and #TimeToGetTough debate Newsmax-@iontv the discussing @TeamCavuto with interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/CvyrO9UU #TimeToGetTough and debate Newsmax-@iontv the discussing @morningmika & @JoeNBC with interview @MorningJoe My
http://t.co/XpgNF4kV (cont) … to a.m. 11 from Tower Trump in 9th Dec tomorrow TOUGH GET TO TIME book new my of copies signing be will I
http://t.co/Qg0JvzpP #TimeToGetTough and debate Newsmax-@iontv the @newtgingrich with meeting my duscussing interview @foxandfriends My
him. Ignore President. becoming @BarackObama & houses both losing for responsible directly is @KarlRove Architect" "The
better. always is debate More debate? @iontv - Newsmax the by threatened so establishment GOP the is Why
http://t.co/Wfqr9Iy8 (cont) o… price the When is. just It spin. economies world's the which on axis the is oil not or it like we Whether
http://t.co/s6u5o8Co (cont) did… they Laden bin Osama out took SEALS Navy tremendous our When friend. our not is Pakistan straight: it Get
http://t.co/aHYaJt5b (cont) fo… applying immigrant any will How question: smart and simple a with starts plan immigration legal Canada's
existence." own its for need the possible as far as eliminate to be should purpose "Welfare's best: it put Reagan President
http://t.co/QJ58y3xc (cont) word… other In spoils." the go victor the "to that credo warrior's old the in believe I but school old me Call
#TimeToGetTough line. poverty the under live country--now this of history the in ever time any at than Americans---more million -six Forty
http://t.co/tblJ9PWm (cont) "W… for fight and tough get to needs Washington taxpayers. US at aimed ball wrecking a is immigration Illegal
http://t.co/JfWZw5ua (cont) pr… most the States United the In it. of Think stamps? food on now is Americans seven of one that know you Did
http://t.co/P7IC1kTe (cont) an… people rich bashes @BarackObama belts: their tightening about Americans lectured who guy a from this All
@Newsmax_media via http://t.co/CnHhZArl America Destroy May that Point Tipping Obama of Warns Trumps @Newsmax_Media: RT
http://t.co/zvbB8EQA (cont) manufa… bring to need We "onshoring"? about talking we aren't Why outsourcing. about reading always of sick I'm
today. Available #TimeToGetTough. is there Now Constitution. the was there then Independence of Declaration the was there First
thinker. big a He's today. Tower Trump at @newtgingrich Met
read. to you want NOT do OPEC and China both book The today. book--available new Again--my #1 America Making #TimeToGetTough:
http://t.co/Iyjm0IGl (cont) it… bows---and and pleads and begs He diplomacy. please" "pretty practices @BarackObama China to comes it When
America. in products better make we though even products their all buying by wealth China's building are We
#TimeToGetTough again. #1 be to America for Time plans. bold some out lays and truths harsh some tells book new My
#TimeToGetTough it! with on get and it over Get country. capitalistic a is America @BarackObama: to message my Here's
http://t.co/jSiAMkMa (cont) a.m… 11 from Tower Trump in @HowToGetTough book new my signing be I'll 9th: December Friday next forget Don't
jobs. for looking up given have who people 315000 include don't figures job new The
Sad! states. 49 lost you '84 in Mondale for CM As . @FoxNews on belong doesn't @Robertgbeckel brand: the ruins He
5th! Dec available is It opus. my is #TimeToGetTough" then read must a is Deal" the of Art "The If
@BarackObama. Agenda---defeating the On week. next Gingrich Newt Speaker Former Meeting
http://t.co/seLDvy28 (cont) dow… the during rising keeps Crude crisis? European the avert help to crude of price the lower OPEC doesn't Why
http://t.co/3YVFRB9m #trumpvlog... today's in employee worst The
#TimeToGetTough stop. to has It inflation. record create eventually will This dollars. with market the flood recklessly to continues Fed The
Sad! states. 49 lost you '84 in Mondale for CM As @FoxNews. on belong doesn't @bobbeckel brand: the ruins He
http://t.co/sF780Xm3 anniversary.... 2nd the of celebration in @TrumpWaikiki of staff the to message special A
http://t.co/qTKkP44z (cont) it'… bows--and and pleads and begs He diplomacy. please" "pretty practices @BarackObama China to comes it When
http://t.co/Uxyhhq6y Committee. Super the with lead to failure @BarackObama's Why? "negative." to outlook credit our downgraded has Fitch
#TimeToGetTough. again. products own our making start must We growth. job no show will week this later released numbers unemployment The
http://t.co/wIr68Cn4 (cont) stockh… strong a like do---much to what us tell advice--they economic us give now they that brazen so is China
http://t.co/DdW3Hsvn unreliable. is data The warming. global on data manipulated have scientists that prove emails released Newly
http://t.co/eswQ5HwC (cont) everybod… at laughing One Force Air on around flying is @BarackObama it: with away gets he how Unbelievable
http://t.co/nCNtI5pi (cont) history… in president previous any than more dime our on campaigned has @BarackObama vacationer: habitual The
http://t.co/VDESyCWJ (cont) impossibl… almost it making tonight fundraiser a doing is @BarackObama inconsiderate: and inconvenient It's
http://t.co/mnF00H17 inconsiderate... very is @BarackObama #trumpvlog
products. own our produce must We Trade. Fair for Time threats. security national greatest our of one is China with deficit trade America's
growth. American slowing are banks The entrepreneurs. private to lending start should They us. by out bailed were banks The
http://t.co/TYQKtEya yesterday from interview @foxandfriends My
Iran. with war a start will @BarackObama elected get to order In
#TimeToGetTough stopped. be must drive nuclear Iran's unacceptable. are @Israel annihilating of threats public continued Iran's
http://t.co/nMSky9jb jobs. any creating not while investment private out" "crowds stimulus @BarackObama's that confirmed has CBO The
#TimeToGetTough 2012. in defeated is @BarackObama until hire won't Businesses 21%. over at is unemployment Real
http://t.co/Ieii5tJt (cont) bes… The politicians. the from hear won't you Solutions 5th. Dec out be will Tough" Get To "Time book new My
http://t.co/DlVHBV7B (cont) Frida… on Tower Trump in Again #1 America Making Tough: Get To Time book new my of copies signing be will I
defeated. is @BarackObama until recovery economic any be won't There . 2% to lowered was GDP quarter Third
Party? Tea the for disregard high a such has yet protests Egypt in Islamists radical the support @BarackObama does Why
unsustainable. Truly China. from $1.40 of rate a at borrowing are We election. the into deficits record run to continue will Washington
oil. the itself---Keep Iraq Iraq...and in oil the of all take soon will Iran
http://t.co/IJwTmtkm (cont) Iran'… $300/Barrel. over be will Oil Hormuz. of Strait the down shut will they weapons nuclear has Iran Once
#TimeToGetTough leaders. incompetent truly has Washington shows Committee" "Super the of failure The
http://t.co/DJ7OqXwx now! Repeal surgery. brain of instead care" "comfort to restricted now are Seniors care. ration indeed does ObamaCare
sanctions. Iranian new on agree to Russia and China get cannot @BarackObama drive--and nuclear Iran's stop cannot alone sanctions American
http://t.co/A2DDoheG worth. net my detailing disclosure financial full a make I #TimeToGetTough book new my In
Hotels Business Best World's @TravelandLeisure on #1 listed --all @TrumpLasVegas and @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago to Congratulations
Deal. the of Art money"---The is "Time them. posts she and assistant executive my to tweets my dictate I
#TimeToGetTough outlay? that cut least at to agreed have Committee Super the Couldn't aid? foreign China giving we are Why
again. lead to failed He traveling. deadline Committee Super critical the before days 9 vacationer--@BarackObama--spent habitual The
#TimeToGetTough off. us ripping are They $217Billion. over of China with deficit trade record a have we 30th September of As
Shocking. golf. play or raise fund campaign didn't He Washington. in day full a spent actually @BarackObama Yesterday
http://t.co/aJla1EzL Amazon through now Order again. rich America make to how outlines -- 5th Dec out -- #TimeToGetTough book new My
http://t.co/DAFBLTtI (cont) th… on leadership any show to failed @BarackObama how discussing yesterday from interview @foxandfriends My
Mubarak. abandoned have never should We attempt. coup another is protest current The Islam. radical of bed hot a into turning is Egypt
disappointing. Very GOP. the by error unforced another was Amendment Budget Balance the pass to failure House's The
plan. his is This spending. defense in cuts wants--automatic really he what exactly get will @BarackObama fails Committee Super the When
leadership? the is Where campaigning. been has he Instead lead. have would he succeed to Committee" "Super the wanted @BarackObama If
#TimeToGetTough http://t.co/c5sI2qTe 2027 by economy largest world's the as US the overtake to projected now is economy China's
deal. this to agreeing mistake big a made Republicans The it. admitting without taxes our all raise to ways finding is Committee Super The
insolvency. complete into America lead will and unsustainable is It faces. country our threats greatest the of one is ObamaCare
#TimeToGetTough China. to send to message Wrong Taiwan? to aircraft F-16 of sale the delaying @BarackObama is Why
#TImeToGetTough. defeated. be must He leftist. extreme an such is @BarackObama because moderation any of incapable simply is Washington
http://t.co/dQka2PIr Asia." in "here Hawaii 'birthplace' his called @BarackObama America? in Made
bankrupt. go will America or repealed legislatively be must It politically. defeated be only can ObamaCare ruling USC's the of Regardless
#TimeToGetTough America. Latin across bases building are they Meanwhile Australia. in placed being marines 2500 about complaining is China
http://t.co/otaKcGOV CBO own @BarackObama's by admitted --as years" 10 over GDP of growth the on effect negative net a "is stimulus The
Israel. of friend no is @BarackObama Unfortunately drive. nuclear Iran's in threat existential an faces @Israel
http://t.co/e9BkXiS3 (cont) i… $1.2Trillion find can't Committee Super the Yet GDP. our of 100% $15Trillion crossed deficit Federal The
tightening. are budgets family but gone jobs 20000 are only Not Pipeline. Keystone the delayed @BarackObama since skyrocketed has Crude
needed. is position unless workers retired replacing stop to need We 2007. since 12% by employment its increased has government Federal The
http://t.co/BJW5fZyc (cont) of… ripping is OPEC possible? that is how economy world the of state current the With $100/Barrel. at is Crude
America. criticize to loves He lazy." and "soft" America called has vacationer habitual the @BarackObama months two of span the In
written. ever I've book best the It's Amazon.com. on Pre-order 5th. December on out comes Tough Get To Time book new My
Touch. Midas The – place.” takes growth further and emerges character true entrepreneur’s the be will they and made are mistakes “When
Laden. Bin to lead that intelligence the us gave KSM Waterboarding
http://t.co/Gu8TBXTk resign---- should Reporter
overseas. jobs sends It jobs. and growth both to impediment an is EPA The 150%. over by budget EPA the increased has @BarackObama
http://t.co/P1HBYFh0 (cont) hat… They deal. debt this to agreeing mistake crucial a made Republicans The disaster. a is Supercommittee The
http://t.co/DkDrgVXB 2012.... GOP and Committee Super the of failure the discussing @foxandfriends with yesterday interview My
#TimeToGetTough 2012. in him defeat must We years. 3 than less in debt national the to Trillion $5 added already has @BarackObama
http://t.co/4h5LjPLE repealed. fully be must Obamacare premiums. higher to due employers their through insured now are Americans Fewer
http://t.co/E5XMnUHQ China. to oil more export to looking is Canada Now 2013. until decision pipeline Keystone the delayed @BarackObama
http://t.co/laeI0SFA ‘recovery’? @BarackObama’s this Is low. year 3 a at now is food enough buy to afford can who Americans
Hawaii. in while weekend past this "lazy" America called vacationer habitual the @BarackObama
http://t.co/WEJd30pR (cont) the… If election. the win him help will it because future distant too not the in Iran attack will @BarackObama
http://t.co/ZZjPWqhP @Discovery on 9PM at Sunday this me by narrated and hosted Worth? America What's Watch
jobs. create and prices oil lower would pipeline 2013.The to Pipeline Keystone the delaying on decision campaign a made @BarackObama
recovery? economic @BarackObama’s this Is month. last increase foreclosure 7% a has October
defeated. be must @BarackObama lifetime. my of election important most the is 2012
Day. Veterans on wishes best services- armed our in present and past women and men brave the To
@Israel. behind stand must We position. perilous a in is @Israel ally Our Winter. Islamist the into turned has Spring Arab The
http://t.co/amW8rYRn 2012. GOP and Israel of mistreatment @BarackObama's @THEHermanCain discussing @IngrahamAngle with interview My
http://t.co/LOFR5qVt #trumpvlog... today's in analysts political and Paterno Joe on thoughts My
killer. job a also is It twice. you taxing simply is Government the -- abolished be should tax death The
http://t.co/zQxOHZxJ #trumpvlog--- today's in Endorsement my and mic @BarackObama's Debate The
inept. and corrupt both is @BarackObama that prove bankruptcy subsequent and loan government Solyndra's
problem! our not problem their is mess financial Europe's EU. the out bail not should Fed The
@THEHermancain well. really debate the of pressure the handled Cain Herman
@RickPerry evening. tough really a had who guy good a is Perry Rick
night. last debate the in great did Romney Mitt
money. our of $169B with out bailed were They dollars. tax our with bonuses dollar million get not should execs Freddie and Fannie The
http://t.co/QX8AASwG (cont) militar… any and sanctions both oppose Chinese the -- program nuclear Iran's of behalf on advocating is China
increase. tax a than more nothing is bill job solutions--@BarackObama's real of out is He
deal. debt the to agreed have should never Republicans The fail. will @SuperCommittee The
@Israel. defending be should @BarackObama stage world the on @PMIsrael talking trash of Instead
drive. nuclear Iran's stop to working be should We Iran. against restraint show to @Israel pressuring be not should America
party. the for in just system--others the with frustrated people sincere are protesters @OWS Some
problem. revenue a have not does Washington taxing. inadequate not spending runaway by caused are deficits Our
destroyed. being is dream American The danger. true a and unsustainable is This year. last trillion $3.7 over spent government Federal The
http://t.co/uRim6jQw #trumpvlog--- the Tough".....watch Get To "Time book new my in Dinner Correspondents' House White The #timetogettough
better. do can We tragic. is This poverty. extreme in living are Americans of 6.7% high record A
guy! vision low and boring one is @AlHunt Reporter
"dummy" a is Obama feels and http://t.co/HwMz5NEa us respect not does charges--China espionage cyber US 'scorns' China
http://t.co/Te2NAvLX #trumpvlog.... today's in protestors Street Wall Occupy the about say to have I what See
nuclear. go to Iran allow can't We interests. security national nation's our to threat major a is weapons nuclear for quest Iran's
meltdown. financial current our cause helped Mac Freddie and Mae Fannie at Malfeasance
http://t.co/C0YnLOKl Hunt" "Witch @TheHermanCain and economy the discussing @gretawire on interview My
p.m. 10 at News Fox on tonight @gretawire Susteren Van Greta with interview my Watch
in. reigned be to need They overvalued. artificially oil keep to OPEC with collude Companies Oil The
cuts. budget real make to need We GDP. 100% past already is It debt. our is security our to threat greatest The
killer! job a is It repealed. fully is @ObamaCare until recover fully won't economy The
Spring"? "Arab the promote @BarackObama did Why Gaza. Hamas-led to visit first its made just Brotherhood Muslim Egypt's
soldiers. our for dangerous is This http://t.co/V1CrdfCb leaving? are troops our when know Taliban the letting @BarackObama is Why
problem. revenue a not problem spending a has Washington taxes. raise not spending cut must @SuperCommittee The
wasted. is China from 40% at borrow we money the how is This bankruptcy. for filed just to money given has DOE the that company Another
#thedailyshow http://t.co/tUae4cWq clip... includes that video See racist? a Stewart Jon Is
increases. tax with along come now will cuts Military deal. debt summer's past this to agreed have should never Republicans The
ally. American an not is government Chinese The http://t.co/SeQio55u. satellites our hacking already is military Chinese THe
Warming. Global for much So October. still is It City. York New in weekend past this inches 4 over snowed It
this? for money our of $3Billion over spent @BarackObama Benghazi. over flying now is flag Qaeda Al The
@thedailyshow http://t.co/ZbjW0Tny video--- See racist? a Stewart Jon Is
http://t.co/FKLa4YPo #trumpvlog... today's in Russa La Tony and Madoff Bernie
regulations. new in Billion $90 over proposing is @BarackObama these: like policies with competitive stay cannot economy Our
healthcare? having for penalized be couples married should Why taxes. penalty marriage contains ObamaCare
http://t.co/FbHSUdnt OWS discussing @piersmorgan with night last from interview My
http://t.co/1Tz0Hevr primary GOP the and deal debt Europe's discussing @TeamCavuto with yesterday interview My
Libya. of control Extremist Islamic for way the clear to Libya in war the won Force Air US The
standards. basic country's our destroy also will It @ObamaCare. is unemployment to threat worst Our
oil. in us reimburse should Libya and Iraq appreciated? respectfully be sacrifices nation's our will When
touch. of out is @BarackObama threat. greatest nation's our is Debt The
interesting. be should slot- King's Larry over taking before @ApprenticeNBC won @Piersmorgan hour. full @CNN on ET 9PM at tonight me Watch
mistake. Big Iran. for open wide country the leaving are We leave? we before Iraq from oil any getting we aren't Why
legislation. on move should Washington jobs. our stealing and currency its manipulating is China China. to up stand Washington will When
dropped. rates the and simplified be must code tax the that me with agree candidates GOP the of majority the see to happy am I
http://t.co/P9OPYzBf @Gretawire with night last interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/2FON2L0U (cont) as… great debt low very dollars--- billion 7 than more substantially is worth net my @Lawrence to response In
http://t.co/4gVjMygu @Lawrence.... about this Read
him? sue should I Maybe me. about night last statements false many made has @Lawrence that unwatchable is show his because heard I
damage. @BarackObama's back roll will and win will who candidate a nominate must We lifetime. my in important most the is election 2012 THe
@lawrence you! watching nobody's time--- my with do to things important more have I show your do to office my calling Stop
http://t.co/iyypweMt (cont) de… America's financing is Washington Unbelievable! China? to aid foreign send government federal the does Why
show. your watch don't I else everyone like because @lawrence tweet by respond only Please
fair! time---not and dime taxpayer's the both fundraising--on and campaigning constantly is He work? ever @BarackObama Does
http://t.co/JDTtCnju (cont) sho… Your @gretawire. and @hannityshow @oreillyfactor do I why that's ratings get that shows on go only I
http://t.co/ndVdVB88 (cont) destroyin… is Fed The woes. economic country's our to solution term long or short a neither is money Printing
wanted? @BarackObama what this Is leadership. new their under now Law Sharia of form radical more a adopting is Libya
Finland. in manufactured be can they company---so car "Green" a to Million $529 gave jobs--@BarackObama American creating for much So
one. this will so and failed first The stimulus. second a than more nothing is @BarackObama by plan job The
http://t.co/T44XcgeY #trumpvlog... today's in Iraq and Iran about say to have I what See
Iran. to it give Don't -- oil! with reimbursed be should We treasure. and blood of amount tremendous a expending after Iraq leaving are We
inflation. record to lead to going is recklessness Fed's The Yen. the against low WWII all-time an at is Dollar The
friend. a not enemy an is China secrets? corporate and security national our steals China while by idly sit to continue we do Why
high. year 28 a at is Index Misery The
security. national our to threat a is Iran protestors? Iranian the for nothing do and Libya liberate @BarackObama did Why
sector. private the in growth promote help will code tax simplified A
this? of out get we do What oil? country's the of any get to going not are we if Libya on money our of billions spend we did Why
leaders. new needs America $30/Barrel. worth Not off. us ripping is OPEC $86/Barrel? at priced oil crude is Why
#trumpvlog http://t.co/hgarmpIE index... misery the and @BarackObama death Gadhafi's on thoughts My
home! go to them for Time 99%. the of interests the advance to nothing doing are protesters OWS The
disagree. unemployed are who Americans of 20% the sure am I ones." right "the were choices his all that claims @BarackObama
incompetent. to close is @BobBeckel brand: @FoxNews the for bad is FOX for commentator a Beckel Bob
w/@atheRealKiyosaki Touch Midas -- opportunities." finding to key the is problems people's other understanding "Sometimes
http://t.co/OnB8qwHl (cont) bridge… roads own our when overseas trillions sending we are Why infrastructure. our rebuild to needs America
deficits. trade dollar multi-billion our end and overseas jobs our outsourcing stop must We
pm. 9 to 8 from evening this QVC on appearing be will Melania wife beautiful My
home. go to protesters the for Time America. of decline the want All OWS. embraced have China and @BarackObama Both
http://t.co/qTgjcZdX campaign.... @barackobama's on thoughts My
http://t.co/SQjQauJU leadership. incompetent @BarackObama's and OWS discussing @hannityshow on night last interview @FoxNews My
campaigning. out is @BarackObama and up blowing is country Our
Touch Midas -- matters." that them from learn you what and them with do you what it's but mistakes makes "Everyone
oil. their demand should We fools. like us treating is government Iraq's
premiums. high record and unemployment term long growth stagnant expect can we then repealed not is ObamaCare If
home. go to protesters the for time It's http://t.co/CEkR8i40. protests OWS the supporting publicly is China Now
http://t.co/rS3I59qh (cont) Stree… Wall the cover we'll and on be I'll pm. 9 at News Fox Hannity show his on tonight @Seanhannity Watch
closed. is window diplomatic The accordingly. respond should We embassies. DC Saudi and Israeli the attack to planning was Iran
China. to send to message Wrong F-16's. advanced 66 for request Taiwan's holding is @BarackObama
security. national our to threat a is regime This consequences. serious face to Iran for time is It
history. US in largest second the -- trillion $1.299 was deficit budget 2011 his announced @BarackObama Friday last Late
Bill! Currency China the Pass --- Curse" China "The Stop @Johnboehner:
later. than sooner 1M passing to forward Looking followers. 800000 passed have to Happy
vacation? on or campaigning always @BarackObama is Why
#trumpvlog http://t.co/vrSOIP1i now.... stores in Touch Midas book new My
costs. all at defense national our maintain and resolute remain must We World. Free the to threat major a is buildup military China's
EST 1AM at @QVC on tonight Trump Melania wife wonderful my watch to sure Be
#trumpvlog http://t.co/jpI262lW answered... questions More
http://t.co/RCEvKfRo questions... your to answers the see to #trumpvlog the out Check
House. White the at @BarackObama protesting be really should they then economy the about upset are protesters Street Wall the If
Bill! Currency Chinese the Pass -- Curse" China "The Stop
http://t.co/F2ezH1Jb Curse" China "The discussing @gretawire on interview @FoxNews My
#trumpvlog answer. to questions your me Tweet
p.m. 9 at News Fox on airs which Record the On show Susteren's van Greta to tonight in Tune
America. of rip-off Chinese the about right is Romney Mitt
well. very did Romney Governor and winners numerous were There night. last interesting very was debate The
budget? actual an release @BarackObama will When
rich. be to Americans all want America---I in billionaire only the be to want don't I
intellectuals. liberal people---not business some to talk jobs create to wants Prez the If
practices. regulatory unfriendly end and taxes lower to is growth economic spread to way only The
inflation. record create to going is policy monetary reckless Fed's The
shows! experience--it business no have Congress of 80% shows study New
brain. a of much with born not was liberal resident their FOX on @BobBeckel named guy A
Earth. on country beautiful most the is America world. the traveled have I
reelection. own his for is does he Everything own. his is about cares @BarackObama job only The
first. country our rebuild must We Afghanistan? rebuilding on money our wasting stop we will When
time. enough Not disaster. a is schedule primary GOP The
http://t.co/SZbeilM7 (cont) th… to misrepresented A-Rod drugs. use to unable is he that now player baseball average than less a is A-Rod
stupid? that are we believe really he Does failure. complete a was first the after stimulus another pass to trying is @BarackObama
disgrace. a What Syria? about nothing doing and @Israel condemning UN the is Why
ObamaCare. repeal must increases--we premium record stop and Medicare save to order In
spending. military cut to want they Yet loans. type Solyndra on year this billion $2 over wasting is Washington
immediately. it pass should We bill. currency the over Washington threatening is China
outrage? the is Where . Americans of murders the in used were They cartels. drug Mexican the to guns sold @BarackObama
candidate. solid a need still We lucky. so be should America 2012." in "underdog an is he that says now @BarackObama
disaster. a is He @BarackObama. under far so doubled has gas of gallon a and 30% by grown has debt national Our
first. spending wasteful Cut mistake. Huge talks. deficit in first taxes raise to want Committee Super the in Democrats The
http://t.co/KGsSDRw5 (cont) sellin… in involved directly was administration his proving Friday last late documents released @BarackObama
guy! Great Tower. Trump in yesterday @THEHermanCain with meeting Great
opening. grand the and conference press a for VA Charlottesville in today Estates Vineyard Trump the visiting to forward Looking
http://t.co/YBv3mdyU apprentice" original the "@DonaldJTrumpJr: - @torontodotcom in article Great
@ErinBurnett. with night last CNN on was I
News. Fox on p.m. 10 at tonight @Gretawire Susteren Van Greta with interview my Watch
news! @AmandaKnox---great of innocence the recognized Italy time about It's
ever. time first Canada--my Atlantic in week next #sparknb at speaking to forward Looking
http://t.co/TXL4xBfc (cont) grea… a tomorrow--it's bookstores in be will Dad) Poor Dad (Rich Kiyosaki Robert with Touch Midas book My
February. in weeks---airs 2 in starts Shooting had. ever we've best set---the is cast @THeCelebrityApprentice
@AmandaKnox. help to nothing done has @USGovernment
travesty. this for pay should government Italian innocent. is @AmandaKnox
Magazine. SPY of way the Going fast! blood--and new Needs magazine. dying rapidly a is Fair Vanity Sadly
stop! to has It jobs. our take world the letting are We tragic. are numbers unemployment The
doesn't? President own our when us respect world the can How soft." "gone have we that yesterday said @BarackObama
companies? solar these in waste to continue @BarackObama will dollars of billions more many How
innocent. totally is freed---she not is Knox Amanda if Italy boycott should Everyone
call. his returned Haven't meeting. a up set to called @JonHuntsman
http://t.co/ZJJ3LQOQ economy." for Bush not Obama blame should "Voters Biden: once: for right actually is @VPBiden
http://t.co/k4QwrZzX @MyFoxNY with yesterday interview My
http://t.co/BSu4BoHn (cont) it'… business In Macy's. at launched officially has line clothing tailored new my that announce to thrilled I'm
anything. simplifying of incapable is Washington Unfortunately jobs. create help and growth economic spur would code tax simplified A
it. get doesn't @BarackObama healthy. is economy our if is solvent remain to Security Social and Medicare for way only The
weapons. nuclear develop to them allow can't We us. at laugh They coasts. our to warships send to threatened just have Iranians The
inflation. record face will we or stopped be to needs dollars with market the flooding and interest low of policies reckless Fed's The
execute. don't but advantages the all have We ourselves. against negotiate simply we strength of position a from negotiate not does China
http://t.co/v1hCI12K @GovChristie also and Tower Trump in meetings recent my discussing yesterday from interview @FoxNews My
him! killing is MSNBC---O'Reilly on O'Donnell Lawrence for ratings bad Really
mine. waste don't I and money is Time him? meet to wanted I said Whoever nomination. the getting of chance zero has @JonHuntsman
http://t.co/JQjN0a6R video.... the Enjoy event. great a was @BretMichaels by performance a featuring Invitational Golf @erictrumpfdn The
games. the with Enough budget? actual an present @BarackObama will When
Russert. Tim great late the of short far falls NBC of Todd Chuck "Sleepy"
espionage. corporate rampant its end and currency its manipulating stop China demand to need We jobs. our stealing is China
http://t.co/LzksVYyM proud. me makes He @DonaldJTrumpJr: of @postedtoronto in interview Great
hiring. not are employers reason one number the is it that shows UBS from report recent A repealed. completely be must ObamaCare
http://t.co/yvG4wLeZ @seanhannity with yesterday from interview My
friends. Jewish my all to Year New Happy
http://t.co/S0WgM9OU (cont) ar… They high. too is price the and low is Output off. us rip to continues OPEC and struggling is economy Our
now. answers need We Americans. kill to used were that lords drug Mexican for guns buy dollars tax our had @BarackObama seems It
http://t.co/yoeJNaOT Toronto Tower Trump on globeandmail @ the in @DonaldJTrumpJr of interview great A
http://t.co/JB7tmQ0c @MittRomney with meeting by discussing yesterday @wolfblitzercnn with interview @CNN My
http://t.co/HscAUSLL @MittRomney with meeting yesterday's discussing @gretawire with night last from interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/JOr41vlt (cont) @MittRomne… Australia to trip my economy the discussing @TeamCavuto with yesterday from interview @FoxNews My
http://t.co/xCf3TMcV (cont) b… will businesses Small competitiveness. and spirit entrepreneurial America's to threat major a is ObamaCare
spending. government cut must We increases. tax by solved be cannot crisis debt country's Our
Coincidence? election. 2012 the after Conveniently 2014. in vest taxes Care’s Obama
#Solyndra energy. green unproven in investing by off ourselves ripping are We oil. on off us ripping is OPEC
country. our bankrupting is @BarackObama gain. China’s is spending deficit Our
http://t.co/abZnV75i video... a sent I so Orlando in confab Freedom and Faith the make couldn't I
http://t.co/dYUAtftL (cont) i… I'm weakness. for looking are enemies Our strong. remain must We spending. military cut to time no is Now
term. long and short both crisis deficit our solve help will This addressed. immediately be should abuse and fraud waste Government
Virginia. in Winery Trump new our completing on job great a doing is @EricTrump
me. to Plan Increase Tax a like looks sure Plan Jobs @BarackObama's
America. love who people terrific with country beautiful a is Australia
country. our own and us beat to want friend--they a or ally an neither is China
America. of Rip-off China's stop must President next Our
http://t.co/DujNk4d4 (cont) anot… for Melbourne to off I'm today and people 20000 of front in Australia Sydney in speaking finished Just
UN. the in Israel by stand must we says he when right is Perry Rick
economy. America's of backbone business--the small destroy will ObamaCare
Deal the of Art The --- big" think--think to going you're "If
go. must spirit--Obama in Orlando--there in gathering CPAC the miss will I Sorry
http://t.co/wSiSn5IP Solyndra" aided that program loan to linked fundraiser "Obama -- stimulus the spending of method @BarackObama's
clue. a have doesn't He speeches. @BarackObama's to listen to hard really it find I
tax. another and speech another for reason a find cannot @BarackObama which for problem a never is there seems It
http://t.co/VNbgG0iU Box Squawk CNBC's on aired recently which interview My
http://t.co/YNX1msYh (cont) in… My
needed. is leadership New answers. of out all is Washington jobs? create taxes raising will How
Australia. from closely events all monitor will and week coming this @Israel against ploy UN's the with concerned increasingly am I
http://t.co/VNloY1WK .... Box Squawk on appearance latest my Watch
OPEC. from oil buy to continue we Instead independent. energy be already would they then do we resources natural the of tenth a had China If
http://t.co/OYB6833m #trumpvlog.... today's in Emmys the on thoughts My
Deal the of Art The -- bigger." think to money any cost doesn't "It
speeches. and memoirs the to Stick capitalist. venture skilled extremely some are You Solyndra. on job @BarackObama---great
Donald. jobs? the are where -- BTW Thanks. @AttackWatch. on listed be to excited and honored -- @BarackObama
leader. great and friend US true A @Israel. defend to UN the at up show will he that announcing for @netanyahu applaud I
sector. manufacturing own our protecting by economy American the in jobs create can We
highs. record already from double be would costs Energy Trade?! and Cap passed had @BarackObama if imagine you Can
money. our wasting loves He op. photo $500Million Scandal--@BarackObama's Solyndra The
http://t.co/1SVRlyli See" and Wait I'll 2012: "On -- @gretawire on night last interview @FoxNews My
record. impressive shooter straight guy night---great last @RickPerry with dinner Had
clean? come House White the will When Scene. Murder Agent's Border at Identified Furious' and 'Fast to Linked Gun Third
work! sure will times--that 330 over 'Tax' word the contains bill job @BarackObama's
http://t.co/gKUTyeM China and Cheney Dick discuss I where @TeamCavuto with yesterday interview My
win. him help to happy Was Congressman. great a be will businessman great guy Turner--great Bob
8. on department Crystal the at pm 5:30 Square. Herald Macy's at afternoon this all you seeing to forward looking I'm
ally. and friend our is @Israel -- @Bobturner9th electing by sending is NY-9 message the today clear and loud hear will @BarackObama
http://t.co/VXFagTR (cont) t… overseas jobs our taking and investments foreign favor that loopholes tax all close immediately should We
http://t.co/izegbYw (cont) http://bi… Elmsford collection favorite my of peak sneak a Here's collection. crystal new my of proud very I'm
answers. need We lost. were lives American investigation. Furious and Fast the with uncooperative openly be to continuing is House White The
http://t.co/K6n4qZq (cont) i… today--and is Hospital Research Children's Jude St. benefiting Invitational Golf Foundation Trump Eric The
growth. spur to way no is This taxes. more with sector private the threatening keeps @BarackObama when recover ever economy the can How
message. a @barackobama tomorrow--send Turner Bob for vote to Brooklyn in friends my urging I'm
tomorrow! @Bobturner9th for Vote @Israel. of mistreatment his of approve don't you that know @BarackObama let NY-9 in Friends
solution. the not is Government regulations. more and taxes higher threatening keep didn’t Washington if grow would economy American The
http://t.co/gGdV1Iv #trumpvlog.... today's in @andyroddick on thoughts My
http://t.co/citxpt7 NBC... on 9PM at tonight Pageant #MissUniverse 2011 the Watch
@BarackObama. under first from fallen have We world. the in economy competitive most fifth the US the ranks now Forum Economic World The
necessary. means all and any by – stopped be must program nuclear Iran’s
crystal! Home Trump of launch the celebrate to 5:30pm at Wednesday this Square Herald Macy’s at be will I exciting. Very
boom. will America US. in jobs create that companies for incentives Tax rate. tax corporate Slash jobs? Want
first. the like just fail will stimulus @BarackObama---the
jobs. create won't spend" and "tax old Europe---same from speech POTUS watched I
http://t.co/WKnx85k proud me makes always @IvankaTrump
funding. future at look should US The program? nuclear Iran's ignore and sovereignty @Israel's attack to planning UN the is Why
client. favorite their is @BarackObama Billion. $300 another borrow to plans @BarackObama that learn to happy is China
record. economic dismal a such have wouldn't @BarackObama then jobs create could speeches only If
http://t.co/OIQrrKe @IngrahamAngle with yesterday interview My
http://t.co/WIFSYQD Opportunity' His 'Missed @BarackObama @FoxNews: on night last @gretawire with interview My
organizer. community a negotiator---not tough a needs America
dealers? drug Mexican to guns selling @BarackObama was Why
Seniors. on cuts Medicare---not and Security Social fix to how is economy growing robust A
support. military our for oil your of 50% us give --- "Rebels" Libya told have should US
http://t.co/4rsrFqG liberation. their for repayment in Iraq from oil take should USA
unemployment. higher and debt more us gave it instead -- jobs create to supposed was stimulus $ trillion @BarackObama
http://t.co/L0CkuK9 (cont) resp… act can't they if entirely UN the defund should We @Israel. attack to Assembly its use to about is UN The
ours. of all America costing is job His jobs. create could speeches wishes @BarackObama
now! answers need We House. White the to way the all goes running gun Furious and Fast
@BarackObama. at laughing is year--OPEC last to compared now price the double is Oil
questions. all answer should @BarackObama - Americans killed that lords drug Mexican of hands the in semi-automatics put Furious and Fast
higher. even go to it expect 2014 in effect takes Care Obama when and – 2012 throughout unemployment 9% predicting is House White The
House. White the to way the ALL goes Furious and mistake---Fast no Make
sad. Just 7th. September on Session Joint the scheduling originally in mistake a made simply he think I that inept so is @BarackObama
http://t.co/n1M1NQc Speech'" 'Campaign a is Does Obama "Everything -- night last @gretawire with interview My
it. defund immediately must we then statehood PA the grants UN the Israel---if sabotage to ploy UN's the against firm stand must We
in. Tune FoxNews. on PM 10 at tonight show Susteren's Van Greta on be I'll
http://t.co/vcM5gmd $109B by prices energy raise EPA his have to seeks @BarackObama failing economy the and rising prices gas With
support. open @BarackObama's radicals---with Islamic by over taken being is Libya
#trumpvlog http://t.co/X6stu9N book… new his and Cheney Dick on thoughts My
relationship. our reassess to need We borders. our within domestically wide---even and far reach interests business China's
bomber---now. Lockerbie the over turn should Government Libyan new The
businesses. small America's destroy will it or repealed fully be must ObamaCare
consequences. have Actions funding. its all off cut should US the then statehood Palestinians the grants unilaterally UN the If
Hamas? group terrorist the by run they are why then statehood want Palestinians the If
off. us ripping is OPEC that. half worth even isn’t – now right $85 at is Crude
resolution. appropriations continuing a on negotiations begins @johnboehner before budget a release MUST @BarackObama
http://t.co/pitnjx3 learn? Washington will when - thanks of letter a received Ahmadinejad and "Rebels" Libyan the aiding to admits Iran
ask! even don't support---we military our for return in oil the of 50% us given have should Rebels Libyan
http://t.co/M865fK0 #trumpvlog.... today's in Libya and Irene Hurricane
agree. Parties----I both with up fed seem Americans more and More
experience. sector private for substitute no is There
dime. taxpayers' the on spend extravagantly to love They Vineyard? Martha's to separately travel family his and @BarackObama did Why
http://t.co/YuqnD55 look... a take @EricTrumpFDN the with doing been has @EricTrump son my work the of proud very I'm
People. American the for deals better negotiate can who President a needs America
stopped. be can it leadership right the With economy. American the to threat continued a is espionage corporate China's
Trillion. $17.6 over at Debt the with term first his after leave Debt---will National in Trillion $10.6 inherited @BarackObama
election. year's next in solved be can problems country's our of lot a instance For problem. every to solution easy an is usually There
back? getting we are What operation. Libya the on Billion $1 over spent have We
http://t.co/M3TnJw5 (cont) an… policy one-child Chinese the condoned He China. in disaster complete a was @Joe_Biden predicted I as Just
watch. worse---just be will Libya in next comes was---what Qaddafi as bad As
over. takes who see we until Libya over celebrating start not Let's
oil? the getting Europe is way---why the lead and Libya on billion a over spent We
him. ignore to media for Wrong consideration. serious deserve which ideas serious some has @RonPaul
mistake? same the repeat Why failure. complete a was one first The stimulus. another need don't We
http://t.co/dEH05PD (cont) Eve… waivers. companies granting also is he courts the in ObamaCare defend to continues @BarackObama While
citizens. their of defense in accordingly respond must They recently. Gaza from rockets by barraged being is Israel
better. do MUST We us. at laughing are Chinese The China. to @Joe_Biden sent has He delegator. master a sure is @BarackObama
China. from money more Borrow 2. jobs. any create Not 1. – following the do certainly will plan job new @BarackObama’s
EST. @12PM http://t.co/9zRgbiE here show @JordanSekulow the and Live Sekulow Jay with today interview my to listen can You
trillions. wastes attacks---US horrifying mount still can they show Iraq in Insurgents
http://t.co/9STmZhU tour... a you give will @AmandaTMiller Apprentice's The plane my see to asking been have people Many
Obama. us House--gave White the and Congress of Houses both GOP --lost Rove Karl
http://t.co/rmY8UDE #trumpvlog... today's enjoy will @MacMiller
Afghanistan. and Iraq in money and lives wasting are we says he when right is Paul Ron
http://t.co/rOKGLIM Vacation' on Constantly 'Obama's - it missed who those for News Fox on @gretawire with interview My
high? so Why rating. approval Gallup 39% low record a has @BarackObama
http://t.co/N7Urafm Stephanopoulos George with America Morning Good on morning this interview My
way! that be not should --- UP goes stock---market buying he's CNBC tells DOWN---Trump goes market speaks Amazing--Obama
#trumpvlog http://t.co/fuL8XAv money.... us owes China
#trumpvlog http://t.co/iWRhaUy money... wastes country our how of example good A
http://t.co/jbQ6jXf (cont) p.m.… 10 at News Fox on tonight in Tune Tower. Trump at here today Susteren Van Greta by interviewed was I
friend. our not are They America. to threat a is China
troubling. Very youths. Hispanic and Black both plaguing is Unemployment
http://t.co/mBcbhwM #trumpvlog... today's in Party Republican the on thoughts My
ethic. work Nice Vineyard. Martha's in vacation day 10 a to heads he Now yesterday. golf played @BarackObama
up. goes market the and stocks--- buying am I CNBC tell Bump---I Trump the it's say Reporters
America. and Medicare Security Social save can growth Economic
happy. be not would OPEC and China Secretary. Treasury me appoint should President the said guy great a Huckebee Mike
Afghanistan. and Iraq in dollars of trillions wasting are we that right is Paul Ron
Government. in believes He opportunity. or jobs create to how of understanding no has Obama
parties. both and politicians career of sick are Americans why see to easy It's
debate? tonight's in Romneycare and jobs on record his defend Romney Mitt will How
leader. real a get must We poll. straw Ames the of outcome the and debate GOP the to forward Looking
http://bit.ly/rsBqmE future financial America's and market the about talking morning this CNBC on was I
http://t.co/vdRAh1n @AmericaNowRadio on Andy #Apprentice with yesterday from interview My
move. Wrong dollars. US with market the flood to continues Fed The
needed. leadership New $30. worth Not off. us rip to continues OPEC times. horrible the despite again rise to starting is Oil
Vineyard. Martha's in vacation his interrupt to want doesn't @BarackObama but Washington to back get should Congress
http://deck.ly/~7QsGg (cont) hol… Jewish a on Jerusalem capital their in building for Israel of State the at swipe another took @BarackObama
former my as @AmericaNowRadio to Countdown http://goo.gl/AMNEE
http://deck.ly/~9Q2fk (cont) an… politics about talk I and Andy #Apprentice
http://deck.ly/~1UpEp (cont) go… a not is This downgrade. resolving on work to immediately work to back get should Democrats and Republicans
http://deck.ly/~PgL6v (cont) reputatio… terrible their out straighten to order in publicity personal for this did They losers. are S&P The
http://bit.ly/nXfqVo CNN on Blitzer Wolf with downgrade S&P the on yesterday interview My
http://bit.ly/mQo62O " Action' No Talk "All Become Has "Nation -- News Fox on night last Greta with interview My
EThttp://t.co/xpz0oQa 6PM tomorrow me with @AmericaNowRadio show radio launchhis Andy #Apprentice my to Listen hired! He's
this. owns He Care. Obama and spending budget reckless increased @BarackObama's of result direct a is downgrade S&P The
http://deck.ly/~unUiL (cont) Revolutionar… the of commander a Ghasemi Rostam confidant Ahmadinejad’s Mahmoud is OPEC of President new The
economy. our on impact devastating a having already is Care Obama
http://t.co/sRgJzRU economy... uncertain this in doing be should you what about questions your answer I #trumpvlog today's In
http://deck.ly/~x0TDx (cont) hope… are leaders Our us. downgraded agency rating their then and ceiling debt our raise we that demanded China
birthday---coincidence? 50th @BarackObama's on GDP our of 100% became officially debt America's
http://bit.ly/n7LOrz News Fox on Greta with night last interview My
Friday. this NY in youngsters League Athletic Police 750 feed to pizza enough donating for Florida of Pizza Fire Coal Giovanni's to Thanks
hour. p.m. 10 the in News Fox on tonight Record the On show her on Susteren Van Greta with interview my Watch
http://t.co/OWQdHkF candidates... Republican the on thoughts my about tweets your answers #trumpvlog Today's
life! my of story the -- credit giving without America better to ideas and statements my of many stealing is Panel Joe Morning
it. get don't just they -- House White the to pass free a Obama gave Republicans
leadership. proper with only great be can America believe I
lunch. our eating is China -- America Up Wake
negotiator. good one not and Washington in politicians those All
#trumpvlog http://t.co/Jgvl8fQ deal... the approved have not would I Why
Deal. Debt DC about thing good only the taxes No
http://bit.ly/pwgGsQ

http://bit.ly/pwgGsQ


http://deck.ly/~HZMKL (cont) a… Deal Debt Box: Squawk CNBC's on yesterday interview My
gets. it worse the deal debt the about learn you more The
http://t.co/iJ01Jh0 #trumpvlog... today's in answered desk my about questions Your
problems. economic our created both have Democrats and Republicans
strong. remain must America deal? any in cuts defense any have we should Why
get? could Republicans the deal best the is This
mistake. a is year next limit debt the raise to power Obama Dems---Giving and GOP in Disappointed
failure. their and parties both of sick voters most says Cadell Pat Pollster Ex-Presidential
problem. the study to panels ribbon blue not jobs and growth economic need We
America. for victory Plan----important Reid or Boehner in taxes No
guy. great a -- night last Hannity Sean Watched
Deal the of Art The -- deal" every in details fine the "Watch -- loses he year next fight this re-fight to has Obama If
idea. Bad cuts? spending future to agree and find to Commission Ribbon Blue
Comeback the of Art The -- back" hit always and quit "Never
reading. worth definitely It's book. great a written he's and coach great a He's Sword. Your Swing book new Leach's Mike got just I
http://bit.ly/pEBsgY American fine a Huckabee Mike of words kind the appreciate I
deal great a make to chance best its has GOP desperate. ineffective lost totally He's yet. plan debt own his released not has @BarackObama
ET pm 7 at @QVC on tonight again her see can you her missed you case In night. last success tremendous a was show Trump's Melania wife My
Deal the of Art --The it." make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst "The @Johnboehner
#trumpvlog. my in answer to questions your me tweet Please
thing? same the do Bush Didn't China. from borrowing debt and spending excessive his for Obama criticizes ad new @CrossroadsGPS @KarlRove's
http://bit.ly/n7Ahdk Fold" Not Must Boehner Lost' Totally 'Now Is "Obama - Newsmax from yesterday interview My
nervous! very just maybe or prepared never are time--they first the works never camera the but pictures for pose to day every me ask People
Deal the of Art The table." the from away walk to when "Know
her! of proud So a.m. 1 at @QVC on tonight Trump Melania wife my Watch
waste. and spending government wild creation---cut job kill Taxes Higher
fast! negotiator---and toughest our needs themselves---US killing w/o default in us put can't they that debt our of much so has China
thinking. new for Time GDP. our than greater is debt America's
http://bit.ly/nKsBBF Want" They Everything Get Don't They If Crazy "GOP -- Friends and Fox on yesterday from interview My
#trumpvlog http://t.co/225OYhf Knox... Amanda and Norway in situation the on thoughts My
Seniors. for funding cutting before waste and fraud billions---cut Taxpayer US costing cash of mismanagement Fiscal
shows. it background---and sector private or business no has sadly Obama
#trumpvlog http://t.co/9gFfiFM @BarackObama.... on is ceiling debt the on pressure The
elderly. the on cuts economy---not growing robust a is Medicare and Security Social both to Answer The
discipline. fiscal no has Congress because Amendment budget balanced a need We
things bad really other of lots and pump the at prices gas rising ever to lead will $ US the on attack continued Unfortunately@BarackObama's
everyone. by read be should that book great a is FBI" the of Secrets "The book new Kessler's Ronald
2007 @BarackObama Senator US - internationally." and domestically us weakens debt America’s "Increasing
http://t.co/ZOGcrx3 'Oblivion'" Into Us Leading Are Leaders "Our - night last @gretawire on interview My
T-E-A. OBAMACARE. REPEAL TO NEEDS DEAL ANY disaster. unmitigated another yet - Six" of Gang "The
Interview Redstate -- us" destroy to want enemy--they our is "China
it. proves record His insolvency. into America spending to addicted is Obama
elderly. the on cuts Problem--not Medicare the to answer the is growth Economic Robust
President. a failure---as total a Such jobs. hemorrhage to continues economy our credit our destroy further to seeks @BarackObama While
Deal the of Art The - on." catch eventually will people goods the deliver don't you people...if con can't "You @EricCantor @johnboehner
sunk? nation a as we have low Limit...How Debt the raise to us ordering is China So
deal. any to central be should Obamacare Defunding opportunity. an waste to opportunity an waste doesn't GOP The
CUT-CAP-BALANCE! backs. grandchildren's and children our on China from borrowed interest with $1.40 costs spends @BarackObama dollar Every
rights. Amendment 2nd our erodes DOJ his while lords drug Mexican to guns sold has @BarackObama
http://t.co/PHlzxON around.... you push @barackobama let don't now act must Republicans The #trumpvlog
yesterday. Rose Arabella daughter their of birth the on Jared husband her and Ivanka daughter my to Congratulations
http://t.co/8mkUcG8 BALANCE. AND CAP CUT taxes. more not taxpayers more create to need We right. is @marcorubio
http://t.co/Wr9C7Z7 T-E-A debt. in trillion $4 over amassed and annually 25% by spending discretionary increased have You @BarackObama
#TeenUSA missteenusa.com on ET 8PM at Saturday this out Find @TheRealTeenUSA? next the be will Who
prefers. @BarackObama one which know I Radicals"? for "Rules or Deal" the of Art "The advice- better is What
ALREADY! ENOUGH TAXED BALANCE. AND CAP CUT
hotels. beautiful these see to http://t.co/lV1el9G and http://t.co/Fl8tKJY at look a Take
list! the on are Chicago Tower & Hotel Int'l Trump and NYC Tower & Hotel Int'l Trump US--and the in hotels best Top10 the named News US
http://t.co/HBlFBie it like not does world Arab the even and Brotherhood Muslim the engaged and Israel abandoned have You @BarackObama
http://t.co/bb9GWDU Runner Gun Project for answered not has still --He http://t.co/eT64Xhb control gun push to tries @BarackObama While
http://t.co/GHXQIBU Foldo El going GOP the on Greta with night last interview My
deal." bad a than better is deal no "Sometimes Ceiling- Debt @johnboehner
http://t.co/MUEE4AL #trumpvlog... today's in ceiling debt the on thoughts More
flattered? be wouldn't Who YouTube. on hits 16M gets Song" the Trump "Donald @macmiller
Deal the of Art The confrontation." is choice only the when times are there positive the emphasize to pays it as "Much @johnboehner
rolling. ball the get Let's vote! a for floor the to Amendment Budget Balanced the bring Speaker Mr. @johnboehner
http://t.co/6xKmJi8 Panama.... in Club Ocean Trump incredible the of opening the channel- YouTube our On
http://t.co/LRmvyyW #trumpvlog... today's in more and baseball Jeter's Derek
Wrong! Both Obamacare. for Medicare from billion $500 took Obama Medicare cut to wants GOP House
it! fund to Medicare from billion $500 transferred @Obama And http://t.co/wRxqlxA Deficit the Explode Further to Primed Tragedy ObamaCare
http://t.co/pBnwzEa this? about doing u are What Iraq? in Americans killing weapons Iranian - @Obama
Deal. the of Art The - it." make to desperate seem is deal a in do possibly can you thing worst "The GOP House for Message @johnboehner
solvency. to path the on be would America then borders Israel's weakening on is he as budget the balancing on focused as was @Obama only If
BALANCE. and CAP CUT have." you strength biggest the is leverage and strength from deal is do can you thing best Deal--"The the of Art THe
BALANCE. and CUTCAP foremost and talks--First debt today's in @BarackObama with again themselves against negotiate not should Republicans
contained. is spending Obama until raised be cannot Limit Debt problem.The revenue no is BALANCE.There AND CAP CUT TO back.TIME is Congress
http://t.co/IsqXBu1 ... Washington in need we thinking of kind the is this Perhaps
http://t.co/s2KLHQI location. fantastic a in building fantastic a It's hotel. new our of opening the for Panama to going be we'll Tomorrow
country. great a for celebration great a weekend holiday Day Independence wonderful a everyone Wishing
http://t.co/wNWHQzB @EricTrump by Estates Vineyard Trump to made trip recent a watch and http://t.co/PkVoNLv read Please
http://t.co/UaMWc6K ... day the of issues on off morning...sounding this Friends & Fox on phoner weekly my Did
Huge! people. 20000 over by attended was which meeting national ACN the for interview sit-down a for Saturday on CA Jose San in was I
http://t.co/3aD9gBW vote… - competition online an having is @GolfMagazine
holder. title new our as her have to proud We're visit. a for today office my to up came Campanella Alyssa USA Miss new Our
http://t.co/O6fGgOs Spectacular! world. the in anywhere unmatched be will course the and Scotland Links Golf Int'l Trump visiting been I've
success. huge a and show great A Fox. and NBC CBS ABC among night the of telecast #1 the was Pageant--it USA Miss the to Congratulations
http://t.co/2yUgSnJ USA! MIss new California---our Miss Campanella Alyssa to Congratulations
http://t.co/qzTa367 beauty! favorite your for vote can you And NBC. on ET pm 9 at night Sunday on live Pageant USA Miss the forget Don't
http://t.co/PRQXzQT #trumpvlog… today's in Weiner Anthony on thoughts More 9pm. at tonight @hannityshow the on me Watch
http://t.co/iO4FcLw Golf… Trump of world the inside look a you giving #trumpdocumentary new brand a is today channel YouTube our on New
#trumpvlog http://bit.ly/iF5pz6 bid... Presidential a on off holding I'm why answered tweet popular most Your
http://bit.ly/j0Lv8V #trumpvlog... today's in Weiner Anthony on thoughts My
http://bit.ly/kJWdvX. @foxandfriends on morning this appearance my as well as http://cs.pn/jf4OE1 Friday last from speech my out Check
#trumpvlog.... next the for questions your me Tweet
http://bit.ly/iINif1 @FoxandFriends... and http://bit.ly/jxjHgU NY... Day Good on appearances my Watch
http://bit.ly/jec5p9 #trumpvlog... today's in @SarahPalinUSA with meeting night's last on thoughts My
country. great our protected who soldiers the all to you thank a and Day Memorial Happy a everyone Wishing
#VEGASusa11 #MissUSA http://bit.ly/jQkneQ video... the watch yesterday Tower Trump by stopped contestants 2011 the and @TheRealMissUSA
http://bit.ly/bnAuAv great! both are You season. the throughout job terrific a for Matlin Marlee to and Rich John to Congratulations
http://bit.ly/lodlDT today.... from @foxandfriends on appearance My
http://bit.ly/bnAuAv it! miss --don't night Sunday this on is Apprentice Celebrity the of finale live excitement--the some for ready Get
#celebrityapprenticefinale http://bit.ly/jyfGP3 @ApprenticeNBC.... of episode upcoming the about #trumpvlog today's out Check
#MissUSA #VEGASusa11 http://bit.ly/lxobOm USA... Miss next the for Vote
support. fantastic your for fans twitter my all thank to want I and run Presidential the regarding decision difficult very a been has This
Channelhttp://bit.ly/fuRNsB Golf on ET 9PM tonight Golf of World Fabulous Trump's Watch Trump. for interns Mangold Nick center Jets NY
http://bit.ly/sertahotel purchase! for available it made we’ve so and mattress hotel exclusive our about raving are Guests
#trumpvlog http://bit.ly/kMMwLa Apprentice... Celebrity The of episode Sunday's at peek sneak A
http://bit.ly/mpY4NR @foxandfriends... on appearance my Watch
http://bit.ly/cxWgkp at me for vote your cast poll a having is @oreillyfactor
http://bit.ly/bnAuAv NBC. on pm 9 night Sunday on Apprentice Celebrity the watch to sure Be
http://bit.ly/hJ0jNX @erictrump- http://bit.ly/hXE6MF @ivankatrump- http://bit.ly/hJUJMg @donaldjtrumpjr- videos Generation Next The New
http://abcn.ws/elZtzZ @gma and http://on.today.com/fXc3iE @todayshow on appearances My
#trumpvlog http://bit.ly/hko9UY question... your answers this Hopefully @danmcisaac
forget! won't you one see---and to want you'll episode an It's NBC. on pm 9 at Sunday on Apprentice Celebrity The watch to sure Be
News.... Fox on 8pm at tonight O'Reilly Bill with interview my of part second the Catch
http://bit.ly/fMyIBI here... more and Factor O'Reilly The on thoughts My
http://bit.ly/icubEG blog.... video latest my Watch
News FOX EST pm 11 and pm 8 at Factor O'Reilly The on tonight me Watch
http://bit.ly/gcQjPR Channel.. Golf on ET 9PM Golf of World Fabulous Trump's J. Donald on tonight baseball and golf both play me Watch
http://bit.ly/dXGQKC blog... video Apprentice Celebrity latest My
http://bit.ly/f5rTko and http://bit.ly/fk3utP View... The on appearance My
http://bit.ly/gXe2uL CNN... with interview recent most my out Check
http://bit.ly/epuX9u Gadhafi... about comments your to response in charity--and to gave I money the about is This
http://bit.ly/frcfZY blog.... video today's in more and ad Geico the on thoughts My
http://trumpnetwork.com/ TheTrumpNetwork through that do can they think really I lives. better live and $$ of lots make people see to want I
http://bit.ly/hBTQXG Apprentice... Celebrity The of episode night's last on thoughts my are Here
http://bit.ly/fMNVbx here watch today Friends and Fox with spoke I
http://bit.ly/bnAuAv episode exciting and surprising another for NBC on pm 9 at night Sunday Apprentice Celebrity the forget Don't
viewers milion 3.5 in brought ever...it Roast Central Comedy rated highest #1 the was week last Trump Donald of Roast Central Comedy The
in. Tune politics. and affairs current discussing be We'll p.m. 7 at CNBC on tonight Report Kudlow the of Kudlow Larry with on be I'll
http://abcn.ws/ib1t1c @GMA on interview my out Check
http://bit.ly/fRKfrz Cavuto Neil with interview my now right News Fox on me Catch
you? Have shouldtrumprun.com at movement the joined and to gone already have supporters of thousands of Hundreds @shouldtrumprun
http://bit.ly/gv6TVh video today's in answered questions popular most your of Some
http://bit.ly/hN3jow 10:30/9:30c at tonight @ComedyCentral on look I good how about tweet to #TrumpRoast use me: about talking Keep
designers....http://bit.ly/gi3q3E course golf family---master Fazio the meet to site Golf of World Fabulous Trump the out Check
@ComedyCentral. on 10:30/9:30c tonight #TrumpRoast comedians? yourselves call you @lisalampanelli: cummings @whitney @realjeffreyross Hey
Central. @Comedy on 10:30/9:30 at tonight airs #TrumpRoast scared. real I'm Oh @SethMacFarlane: @ItstheSituation @SnoopDogg Hey
http://bit.ly/fugbyy Central Comedy on 10:30/9:30c at tonight airs #TrumpRoast "talent." of full dais a humiliate I as Watch
video.... next the in answer to questions your of more me Tweet
http://bit.ly/gKJL8x at blog video latest my as well as http://bit.ly/hiolBJ Apprentice Celebrity night's last on thoughts My
continue....http://bit.ly/dWjzfS fireworks The NBC. on pm 9 night Sunday this Apprentice Celebrity the to in tune to forget Don't
http://nyti.ms/e9u79i Georgia. of Republic the in towers tallest two the developing be will I
http://bit.ly/erRuo8 Cavuto Neil on appearance my is here http://bit.ly/f91yLoAlso at video today's in answered questions your of More
http://bit.ly/hQJERE recently made I observation an also http://bit.ly/eWM4T2 Apprentice Celebrity night's last on thoughts My
http://bit.ly/hRIACH Trump of Roast the for pm 10:30 at 15th March Roast Central Comedy calendar: your on it Mark
http://aol.it/fSOueW at Trump Donald Got You've Watch
pm. 9 at NBC on be will Apprentice Celebrity of episode first night---the Sunday forget don't And night. last Letterman David on appeared I
it! miss night—don’t Sunday this starts Apprentice Celebrity The Kelly. & Regis visited then and morning this Show TODAY the on was I
http://bit.ly/exviyc video... today's in questions your of some answered I
me..... tweet questions your of more answer to want I http://bit.ly/g75Jiu blog video today's out Check
http://www.nbc.com/the-apprentice/ EST pm 9 at 6 March night Sunday returns. Apprentice Celebrity The up: coming ALso
http://bit.ly/hYnA0E calendars. your mark 15 March Trump." Donald of Roast Central "Comedy The March: in up Coming
http://bit.ly/hnzt5J at watch video... today's in questions your answered I
me.... tweet questions your answer to willing I'm http://bit.ly/eXbfOw at Trump Donald Of Desk The From today's out Check
http://on.msnbc.com/gAGniA at MSNBC from interview my out Check
http://nydn.us/fpKQSY article this read and http://bit.ly/f0kmi2 at Trump Donald Of Desk The From latest the Watch
http://bit.ly/htvRfq morning.... this Imus Don with speaking was I
today! visit to came She Show. in Best won who Deerhound Scottish a Hickory meeting in interested be I'd if asked Show Dog Westminster THe
http://bit.ly/ff8tRT and http://bit.ly/hGKbS7 at up videos new two Trump- Donald Of Desk The From
ShouldTrumpRun....http://shouldtrumprun.com/ out Check
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V96ftZPpIcw DC Washington in CPAC at speech my on comments with FoxNewsInsider
yesterday.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBp8N8706qA CNN on was I
...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR1b8yKxcAo yesterday DC Washington in CPAC at speech my Watch
fantastic. he's and Apprentice Celebrity the won Piers guest. live first his as night last Tonight Morgan Piers on appear to great was It
hour..http://bit.ly/f7wNY8 entertaining an be will it and family entire my with on be I'll 7) Channel on pm (4 today Oprah watch to sure Be
http://bit.ly/gcQjPR ET pm 9 at tonight beginning Channel Golf on season second its in now Golf of World Fabulous my miss Don't
collection... Jewelry" & Timepieces "Melania her of line third her with a.m. 11 to a.m. 10 from morning this QVC on Melania Watch
http://shouldtrumprun.com/ us." need workers s America' restrictions! environmental no have they ...when
countries... other and China with compete to supposed factories our are How right! it got have shouldtrumprun.com at people THe
more... and matches Celebrity ET. pm 9 at 31 January beginning Channel Golf on season second its in now Golf of World fabulous my miss Don't
http://shouldtrumprun.com/ out Kudlow....check Larry and Friends & Fox Blitzer Wolf Cavuto Neil with week this phoners doing Busy
announcement! big a making be I'll NBC. on a.m. 12:35 Fallon Jimmy with Night Late on tonight me watch to forget Don't
News. FOX on p.m. 4 Cavuto Neil with World Your on Cavuto Neil with speaking be I'll afternoon This
announcement! big a making be NBC--I'll on a.m. 12:35 at night tomorrow Fallon Jimmy with Night Late on me Watch
Year! New prosperous and healthy happy a everyone WIshing
season! Holiday Happy very a everyone Wishing
farewell. fantastic a be to going It's friend. great a and legend television a He's pm. 9 at CNN tonight King Larry watch to forget Don't
years... 25 for TV on been Larry's CNN. p.m. 9 at night Thursday show final his for Live King Larry on appearing be I'll
http://tlworldsbest.roiresearch.com/. Walk. Beach Waikiki Tower & Hotel International Trump and Vegas Las Hotel International ...Trump
Chicago... Tower & Hotel International Trump York New Soho Trump York New Tower & Hotel International includeTrump hotels five Those
..... 2011" Awards Best "World's Leisure's & Travel for nominated been have Collection Hotel Trump the in open currently hotels the All
season! terrific a been It's player. great a being for Clint to and Apprentice new our as Brandy to Congratulations
Apprentice! new a and performing Minnelli Liza great the with way every in episode fantastic a it's finale---and Apprentice the is Tonight
NBC. on pm 10 way. the all excitement high it's and 3 final the to down ever--we're best the of one is Apprentice The of episode Tonight's
#EvanForSI vote! my has he and guy great a He's year. the of sportsman SI nominated being for Lysacek Evan to Congratulations
Thanksgiving! Happy a for everyone to wishes best My
NBC on pm 10 Black. Cathie and Mizrahi Isaac by appearances with along QVC at excitement delivers Apprentice The of episode night's Tomorrow
guest. featured a be I'll King. John by hosted Special Thanksgiving a for pm 11 & pm 7 at Friday on and pm 5 & pm 2 at tomorrow CNN Watch
today. me visit him have to honor great a was It month. this Obama Pres. from Honor of Medal the received Giunta A. Salvatore Sgt. Staff
http://bit.ly/ckojPN pm 7 at 11/24 and pm 9 at 11/21 Sunday am 1 and pm 9 at 19th Nov Friday shown be will " Trump Donald Titans: "CNBC
NBC. on p.m. 10 action! great some for tonight in Apprentice--tune The on wire the to down getting We're
about. know to info Good http://bit.ly/96ztOA form. abridged slightly in here available is Susteren van Greta with week last interview My
NBC. on p.m. 10 it! miss don't -- show the of top the at surprise big a has Apprentice The of episode Tonight's
NBC. on p.m. in--10 tune to sure Be miss! to want won't you one is Apprentice The of episode Tonight's
series. part two a of first the be will It News. Fox on p.m. 10 Susteren Van Greta with tonight topics of variety a discussing be I'll
pm/NBC 10 surprising. and exciting one--tough great a is episode Tonight's Apprentice. The about talked We morning. this View The on was I
NBC. on pm 10 night tomorrow Apprentice The of episode sensational a for prepared Be
NBC on pm 10 Apprentice-- The of episode exciting and unpredictable another see to tonight in tune to forget Don't
http://bit.ly/9uP9vj bosses... ideal make would who out find to adults employed 1000 polled company solutions HR An
forget! won't you episode an NBC--it's on p.m. 10 tonight Apprentice The watch to sure Be
http://bit.ly/bUWWNb well. as beautifully progressing is Links-Scotland Golf Internatonal Trump and beautiful is Scotland
NBC. on p.m. Apprentice--10 The of episode exciting another for tonight in tune to forget Don't
Scotland Aberdeen in University Gordon Robert from Causa Honoris Administration Business of Doctor of award the presented be to honored I'm
...http://bit.ly/bMNF72 Weekly Entertainment on Apprentice night's last about blog Ivanka's Read
appearance. an make Whisperer Dog the see and -- Apprentice The of episode exciting another for NBC on pm 10 at tonight in Tune
http://bit.ly/ax8nah Apprentice The for reel sizzle new the See
http://bit.ly/bnAuAv Apprentice. The of episode packed action another for NBC on p.m. 10 at tonight in tune to forget Don't
http://bit.ly/aDdvKj QVC on pm 9-10 from live tonight Jewelry" & Timepieces "Melania for show QVC second Melania's for in tune to sure Be
season! new fantastic a for in all We're NBC. on EST pm 9 Apprentice. The of premiere hour two the for tonight in tune to forget Don't
http://bit.ly/c1y3c3 him. of proud I'm outing. charity annual Foundation Trump Eric his with job great a did Eric
opportunity. as well as excitement be will There fall. this air the on back Apprentice" "The of version civilian the have to happy very am I
http://bit.ly/bMB4CH NBC. on pm 9 at 16th September Thursday Next Apprentice. The of premiere hour two The soon: up Coming
http://bit.ly/9rJ0sn ... Foundation Trump Eric the at on going lot a There's
fantastic! She's yesterday. Open U.S. the at match her during box special her in family her with sit to Wozniacki Caroline by invited was I
http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_New_york/Trump_New_York.asp --spectacular! York New Tower & Hotel International Trump out Check
http://bit.ly/SertaRm9 York New Hotel International Trump the at me) (and Sheep Counting Serta's out Check
CBS. on pm 11:30 show. great a for in tune to sure tonight--be Letterman David with Show Late The on be I'll
win! Yankees the watching time great a had O'Reilly--we Bill with night last game Yankees the to Went
Bedminster. Club Golf National Trump and Westchester Club Golf National Trump at golfing weekend beautiful a Spent
everyone. by job great A ratings! great some in raked Pageant Universe Miss The
show. fantastic a for everyone to congratulations and 2010 Universe Miss new our Navarrete Jimena Mexico Miss to Congratulations
there! being to forward looking I'm p.m. 9 at NBC on tonight Pageant Universe Miss the Watch tonight! Vegas Las in hotter get to going It's
show. amazing an be will NBC--it on p.m. 9 at night Monday on in tune to sure Be Pageant. Universe Miss the until days more Four
season! fantastic a to forward Looking 16th. September Thursday on premiere hour two a with returns Apprentice original The
www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta contest! Hire for Sheep Counting Serta the enter to forget don't So
Vegas...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp Las Hotel International Trump the to be would trip That
trip a win could you and www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta here Click contest. Hire for Sheep Counting the enter to day last the is Friday
favorite? your was one Which Serta. with me featuring series part 3 our in www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta webisode last the out Check
www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta favorite? your was one Which Serta. with me featuring series part 3 our in webisode last the out Check
http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Westchester/Westchester.asp Westchester. Club Golf National Trump at held be will event 14th Sept. Eric's
http://www.missuniverse.com/ 23rd: August for calenders your Mark
Roots. The and Legend John Orianthi Telemundo be will Casino & Resort Bay Mandalay the from Pageant Universe Miss the on live Performing
Vegas Las from live co-host to Morales Natalie and Michaels Bret with ET) NBC on p.m. (9-11 23 August on be will Pageant Universe Miss The
Vegas Las Hotel International Trump at stay contest....http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress...and the Enter
...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp Vegas Las Hotel International Trump fantastic the at stay and
Vegas.. Las to trip a win and http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress contest the Enter work. to back get Sheep Counting Serta the helping I'm
.http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress .. contest the ...Enter http://www.youtube.com/user/MattressSerta apprentice? newest my be this Could
Apprentice Celebrity on $700000 raised who Peete Robinson Holly from Award Humanitarian Foundation HollyRod 2010 the accept to proud I'm
http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Westchester/Westchester.asp spectacular. are them of ...all another yet and
another....http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Colts_Neck/Colts_Neck.asp here's and
one...http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Hudson_Valley/Hudson_Valley.asp is weekend...this this courses golf beautiful very some Visited
man. great truly a lost We've York. New in him like anyone be never will There legend. true a and friend great a was Steinbrenner George
work! to back people putting ET---I'm pm 10 at fall this Thursdays on be will Apprentice The of edition new The
CNN pm 9 5 July Monday Larry. interview I which in June in hosted I show Live King Larry the re-broadcast will CNN demand popular to Due
for. thankful be to lot a have We weekend. Day Independence wonderful a everyone Wishing
http://bit.ly/blp1Tq spectacular! be will It Scotland. in course golf my on today begin to expected is Work
Journalhttp://bit.ly/c9eZbq Street Wall the in article great Trump"--a Donald with Shots "Trading
http://twitter.com/EricTrumpFdn Hospital. Research Children's Jude St. towards $1000000 over raised has Foundation Trump Eric The
hours. 2 in raised was million night--$1.3 last Telethon Gulf Live King Larry the on job Great
http://twitter.com/kingsthings p.m.: 10 to 8 telethon hour two tonight's on information more For
http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/ Telethon Relief Celebrity a for Live King Larry on Ivanka and Melania watch to sure be Tonight
http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/2010/06/17/2010-06-17_omarosa_is_back_and_this_time_its_personal.html Merger: Ultimate The
... bachelors brave twelve and Omarosa only and one the starring Merger" Ultimate "The for One TV on pm 9 at tonight in Tune
http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_SoHo/Trump_SoHo.asp anywhere.... hotels new hottest the of one is York New SoHo Trump And
city. the in restaurants new hottest the of one already It's Hotel. SoHo Trump the in Quattro at night last dinner fantastic a Had
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704575304575297082506166258.html?mod=WSJ_NY_RealEstate_MIDDLE_LSMini Fame of Ride covers WSJ
http://www.missuniverse.com/missusa yesterday... Fame of Ride Line Gray the on me with rode USA Miss beautiful our Fakih Rima
http://www.newyorksightseeing.com/ Fame... of Ride Trump Donald the for site Line's Gray out Check
Tower. Trump of front in ceremony cutting ribbon the had we Today Campaign. Fame of Ride NY their for Line Gray by chosen be to honored am I
clips. best featuring CNN on 9PM show. his of anniversary 25th the on him interview and @kingsthings King Larry with places trade I Tonight
http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/ guest. the Larry host the be I'll p.m. 9 CNN on night tomorrow Show King Larry the watch to sure Be
http://www.trumpnationalwestchester.com/ season. great a be Should fantastic. is it and Westchester TNGC at course the out Checking
show. his of Anniversary 25th the of honor in him interviewing be I'll night. Saturday this King Larry on table the turning be I'll
freedom. our for much so done have who veterans the all for thought special a with Weekend Day Memorial Happy a everyone Wishing
trip great a had We've landforms. movement of study the is which geomorphology about learned I how they're and amazing are here Dunes The
fantastic. is it and course the walked bluffs--we rolling the dunes sand the sea spectacular--the is Scotland of Coast North The
place! right the absolutely is this and sites 200 over visiting place right the for looking years several spent I beautiful. is Scotland
everyone! to congrats -- season terrific a was It time. great a had everyone and fantastic were Apprentice Celebrity the for ratings The
http://bit.ly/ckmKKU way. the all champions were Holly and Bret Both backstage. Holly and Bret with up caught Ivanka
win! him see to and him see to happy were us of all champion true a Bret's Apprentice. Celebrity new the Michaels Bret to Congratulations
http://ow.ly/1NfMt page! Facebook new Ivanka's on now Vote ? @hollyrpeete or pick--@bretmichaels your Who's
in! tune Sunday--so on Apprentice Celebrity of finale live the attend to effort every making he's that is Michaels Bret on update latest The
more.. and tickets free to jewlery to Apprentice Celebrity The happening--from what's with up keep and page FaceBook new Ivanka's out Check
Apprentice? Celebrity next the be will Who NBC. on p.m. 9 at Sunday this is finale live Apprentice Celebrity The calendar: your on this Put
. USA Miss wonderful a be and Universe Miss at well us represent will Rima Fakih. Rima beautiful the USA Miss new our to Congratulations
Vegas. Las from live Morales Natalie & Stone Curtis by hosted ET p.m. 7 NBC on 16 May Sunday Pageant USA Miss 2010 the to forward Looking
recovery. full his for wishes best our send and progress Michael's Bret of hear to happy very all We're
lineup! fantastic A Rivers. Melissa and Joan duo mother-daughter comedic be will Pageant USA Miss the at commentary backstage Providing
Girls... Like Boys Sensation Rock Pop and Adkins Trace Superstar Country be will Pageant USA Miss the on appearing Also
Morales. Natalie and Stone Curtis by hosted ET p.m. 7 NBC on 16 May Sunday Pageant USA Miss 2010 the to forward Looking
collection. jewelry fantastic her debuting be will she where ET pm 9 at QVC on tonight Trump Melania wife beautiful my for look to sure Be
collection. Jewelry Fashion & Timepieces Melania inspiring and beautiful her introduce to ET p.m. 9 at night tomorrow QVC on be will Melania
conversation! great some for in tune to sure Be CNN. on p.m. 9 tonight Live King Larry on appearing be will I and Melania
recovery. speedy his for and family his and Michaels Bret with remain prayers and thoughts Our
show! great a for in there--tune be I'll NBC. on ET p.m. 7 16th May on Vegas Las from live 2010 USA Miss May: for calendar your on put To
fun! great some for in Tune CBS. on a.m. 11 at tomorrow View The on appearing be will I and Melania
experience! theatrical amazing An great. was it and night last Broadway on Idiot American saw I and Melania
Carolla. Adam & Estefan Gloria with along experts of panel the on NBC--I'm on p.m. 10 at night onThursday Ref Marriage The to in Tune
J' 'Dr Erving Julius against Beach Club/Palm Golf Int'l Trump at play will Steelers Pittsburgh the from bus' 'the Bettis Jerome Sunday On
support to proud very I'm organization an League Athletic Police The of motto the -- Go" To Place a Need They Places Go Can Kids "Before
day! opening on today Yankees Champion World the seeing to forward Looking
adventure! great a for in Tune Channel. Golf on p.m.ET 9 at night tomorrow is Golf" of World Fabulous Trump's J. "Donald of premiere The
soon! hotel fantastic this visit to sure Be else. anything unlike is SoHo Trump York. New downtown for day terrific a is This
Collection...http://www.trump.com/ Hotel Trump the out Check fantastic! is it and Friday this opens SoHo Trump
read. great a and entertaining inspiring It's paperback. in available now is Champion a Like Think April last from book bestselling My
Connery. Lady and Sean Sir with co-hosted I which 2010 Kilt to Dressed veterans benefits that show fashion Scottish the attended we Then
2.. Part for tuned Stay fantastic. was it Park Central in Rink Wollman at Gala Stars the with Skating the attended I and Melania night Last
candidates! great some got We've them. meeting enjoyed I group impressive an was It applicants. eager of thousands drew call open Today's
there. you seeing to forward look I Apprentice. The for tomorrow Tower Trump at call open the forget Don't
NBC.com/casting. to go need you information the all For Tower. Trump at 1 April thisThursday is Apprentice The for call casting NYC The
http://tinyurl.com/yly2c8u details: casting For Apprentice? next the be to takes it what have you back--do coming is Apprentice original The
Awards. Travel World and Leisure & Travel Awards Choice Readers Traveler Nast Conde for nominated currently is Collection Hotel Trump The
excitement. more even for NBC on Sunday this in Tune season. new great a for stage the set Apprentice Celebrity the of episode week's Last
back. coming need--is in those to opportunities job offer will --which Apprentice theoriginal that announce to happy am I
champion. true a and guy fanastic a me--he's meet to wanted and town in is He office. my left just Lysacek Evan Medalist Gold Olympic
demographic. key every in hour p.m. 10 the swept it night last start-- great a to off is Apprentice Celebrity the of season new The
then! you see yet season best the be will This NBC. on p.m. 9 at 14th March Sunday this premiere two-hour a has Apprentice Celebrity The
http://bit.ly/2fNgOz Beach Palm of history long in entertainment of night best say Many - Mar-a-Lago @ Bocelli Andrea Trump: Donald From
p.m.” 9 at 30th April on QVC on debut to line jewelry new her of launch the and Melania wife my of proud so “I’m Trump: Donald From
http://bit.ly/cv1En7 message: special very a deliver to Show Leno Jay The of episode final the on appeared Trump Donald
http://bit.ly/bPiP7T questions: Submit Day’. the of ‘Connector as World’ the ‘Connect International’s CNN on today appearing Trump Donald
win! team best the may but champions already are Saints and Colts The tradition. American great a is Sunday Superbowl
http://bit.ly/4MubN6 Dillon Kevin vs. Wahlberg Mark - CA LA TNGC @ 1/25 Match Celebrity a host Golf of World Trump's Donald & Channel Golf
fantastic!" was she and night last Gaga Lady saw "I Trump: Donald from
http://bit.ly/UGUF0 priceless! is advice the but $2.99 It's - Touch iPod & iPhone for App Tycoon Trump
yet! one best the be should season & celebrities of list Outstanding ET/PT. 9-11PM 3/14 Sunday NBC to returns Apprentice Celebrity
2010! in champions like think Let’s Year. New prosperous healthy happy a & holiday wonderful a everyone Wishing Trump: Donald From
http://bit.ly/sqvQq Habitat Urban & Buildings Tall on Council by world in building tallest 6th ranked Chicago in Tower International Trump
Thanksgiving! Bountiful and Happy very a yours and you Wishing
http://tinyurl.com/yk5m3lc Merger: Ultimate Omarosa's Entitled Series Reality New on TV1 with Partners Trump Donald
Scotland. – International Trump history: in course golf greatest the build to schedule of ahead begun has --Work
father." proud very a I’m couple. beautiful a make they and spectacular was wedding Jared’s and "Ivanka Trump: Donald --From
http://tinyurl.com/yhnzd7p Cavuto: w/Neil World Your on taxes & banks spending gov big discuss Trump Donald Hear
http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo GMA: on women entrepreneurial 4 with advice business sharing Trump Ivanka of video Watch
http://tinyurl.com/ycsqmda Card: Trump The book new upcoming Ivanka's daughter about say to has Trump Donald what Read -
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald imagination." the with execute to have execute--you can't but imagination have people of lot "A
http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl Success: for Tips Ten Top Trump's Donald Read
http://tinyurl.com/6asujj Sweepstakes: Race Lick Golden enter plus Trump" "Double and Trump Donald featuring videos DSRL hysterical More -
http://www.nabiscoworld.com/oreo/dsrl/home.aspx out: it Check League. Racing Stuf Double Oreo the buy to bids Trump Donald -
http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9 NBC: on (EST) 9pm @ Tonight - Bahamas the from LIVE be will competition Universe Miss The Reminder:
http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9 NBC: on (ET) 9pm @ 8/23 Sunday - Bahamas the from LIVE competition Universe Miss the Watch
http://tinyurl.com/klts6b Letterman: David with Show Late The on appearance recent Trump's Donald Watch --
weekend! terrific a Have - @IvankaTrump her follow can You - Twitter on now is Ivanka
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald capability" that develop and utilize to power your all Use step. first the That’s "Think.
http://tinyurl.com/n5468r Blog: University Trump the at Success Business for List Reading Summer Trump's Donald Browse
http://tinyurl.com/knyswt Blog: University Trump the at reading summer for books Trump's Donald of list a out Check
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm contest! book/keychain signed Champion" A Like "Think the entered who world the around from winners to Congrats
http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb Governor: Lieutenant N.J. for Pinkett Randal 'Apprentice' backs Trump Donald
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald innovation." towards step big a be can they because inexplicable seem that things of aware "Be
Trump J. --Donald it! Enjoy - all and one for Day Independence happy and safe a to Here's
http://tinyurl.com/mmjked Record: The On Susteren's Van Greta on economy the about Trump Donald with interview frank and powerful a Watch
Trump J. -Donald loss!" devastating a It’s entertainer. spectacular a and friend great a was "He Jackson: Michael RE:
http://tinyurl.com/nxvquo rating: big does Raw WWE commercial-free Trump’s Donald
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. –Donald day.” every life your “Expand
http://tinyurl.com/kn95ju everyday! and today champion a are YOU - there out Dad's the all to Day Father's Happy a Wishing -
http://tinyurl.com/ln4lol Trump." Donald & Spears Britney with along first the of one was Beckham "David - Chronicle SF URLs: Vanity FB RE:
Trump Donald – wishes birthday thoughtful your for all to Thanks
http://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump here: wishes B'day your him Send Birthday! Trump's Donald is Today
http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/ contest: keychain and book signed Champion" A Like "Think the enter to week Last
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. –Donald business.” own your run don't you or pretending you're problems have don't you “If
page:http://bit.ly/DdD2A Showcase iGoogle new Trump's Donald out Check
http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com Trump J. --Donald forward." moving keep to when and quits it call to when know to have "You
http://bit.ly/11FHpR Trump: J. Donald by Champion A Like Think from excerpt an Read
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald zone." comfort your to opposition direct in is self higher "Your
today! fan a Become - http://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump Facebook? on is Trump Donald know you Did
http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest contest: keychain and book signed Champion" A Like "Think the enter to forget Don't
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald is." it whatever - direct and short fast it "Keep
http://tinyurl.com/qsx4o6 Magazine: Times York New The in appeared that Trump Donald with interview great a Read
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald great." something of precipice the on be could you know "Always
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm –BarnesandNoble.com thinking." Trumpative of power the of little a use all could days...we "...these
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald moment." each of view champion's a having by lives our in win "We
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald self." best your of afraid being like it's - unique being of afraid be "Don’t
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald beginning." a it’s plateau a not it's achieves achiever the "When
contest:http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/ keychain and book signed Champion" A Like "Think the Enter
http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm Trump J. --Donald intact." wonder of sense your keep and wholeness for "Strive
http://tinyurl.com/qs24vl Champion: A Like Think book new his discussing Trump Donald with interview an to Listen
Trump Donald says chances." second in believer a been always "I've - fired be not will Conner Tara USA Miss
Trump J. --Donald them" to cling than walls build rather I’d - wallflower a of that be never will persona "My
http://tinyurl.com/qlux5e Way: the Along Learned Lessons and Finale Apprentice Celebrity Post: Blog New
funny! Very - http://tinyurl.com/ooafwn Letterman: David with Show Late on Tips Financial Ten Top reads Trump Donald
Champion! A Like Think book new his and Apprentice Celebrity discuss to morning tomorrow View The on appearing be will Trump Donald
tonight! List Ten Top the presents he as Letterman David with Night Late on Trump Donald watch and in tune to sure Be